	rating	review
0	10.0	Seriously I would be dead without this medication. Pop culture has given it the bad rep but as a prescribed user of this god sent medicine from the beautiful minds at pfizer I humbly thank you for saving my life. Had I known and addressed my severe depression, agoraphobia, anxiety &amp; PTSD, (the alphabet goes on).. I would have NEVER SUFFERED FROM A STROKE IN 2010 DUE TO MY CONDITIONS that I had no idea there was a word for what's wrong with me. This is a quick acting short shelf life in the system type of medicine so it's a here, now, gone feeling. The low doses are like a mini invisible hug, the 2 mgs help me sleep and dream of a better life and wake up to my Starbucks  feeling alert as the medicine did it's thing on my heart and mind. If during the day I feel sick with chest pain from anxiety it offers immediate relief. I am responsible in my consumption. Thank you to the hard working medical professionals for understanding the pain of the unseen sicknesses.
1	2.0	Careful with this one. Very addictive. It was prescribed for anxiety but after a while I found myself habitually taking it and getting desperately anxious when I didn’t. Addiction to barbiturates in my mid forties was not part of the plan, so I stopped. Withdrawals were terrible. I also, experienced short term memory issues. I achieved safer results with anti-depressants, although they take a week or more to ‘work’ they are not addictive. Lifestyle changes also helped, no drinking, took up jogging, gym and watching what I eat and being more mindful of the spiritual aspects of life. Pretty obvious stuff really...
2	10.0	I've taken xanax regularly for ~5 years. Having to deal with severe family issues, my general anxiety disorder has ramped up considerably these past 5 years. My dosage varies, as I take it as needed. Some days I take 1mg and many days I take none at all. I probably average .25mg/day and it has been extremely beneficial to me. Even on my worst days I realize that taking more won't help, and I will just have to get through that day at a maximum of 1mg. For me, xanax has been a very helpful tool in my turbulent life and as things start to level out, my usage decreases.
3	10.0	Xanax is my miracle drug, but if you run out you are in for big trouble.  You can have seizures, a stoke, or even death.  Please be careful...but it definitely changed my life and has actually given my life back.
4	10.0	I have had bad anxiety for years. Started with busipro but It gave me nightmares and made me stutter a little bit so I stopped the pill.  I went in for my board exam for Respiratory care and I failed. During the end of my test My heart started racing,  chest pain. I was having a panic attack. I went to the doctor and I was prescribed Xanax. She told me to take 1/2 a pill 0.5 before my test and I did. During my test I felt calm, normal, fresh mind. I could think clearly. I wasnt anxious at all. I passed. Its been a great pill. I love it. But tonight I took 1/2 before bed and 30 minutes later I started crying. I am depressed too before starting pills. But for the most part xanax has been so good to me.
5	10.0	I have my life back because of xanax. I have suffered from anxiety my entire life but somehow kept it manageable until my fifties. I was getting more and more agoraphobic and afraid to drive. Finally, I found myself pacing the house, unable to sleep and scared that I was actually going to harm myself. I have been on .5 mg xanax xr up to three times daily for almost two years and I am fully functioning again.
6	10.0	I have been using this drug on and off for 6 years and it works fairly well even at low doses. Originally I took it for anxiety but now I take it for tinnitus. I  think it can cause tinnitus.  I take half of a 1mg pill before bed.  I can go without it for days but do get some withdrawal symptoms.  It still works after years of use.
7	9.0	I took Xanax at a party about a year ago, &amp; I was so surprised with the outcome. I was shocked to find out that it actually relieved me of my anxiety. It  actually benefiting me in a positive way. I’ve been on Sertraline for about 6 years now, and I’ve thought about talking to my therapist about switching me to Xanax due to the experience I had with it. I may sound really dumb, but it worked like magic.
8	1.0	The pills that say Xanax on the front and 2 on the back and they are rectangular, they are fake. Be aware
9	5.0	I was taking 2mg Xanax XR in the morning and before bed. I took 1 mg Xanax XR in the afternoon. If I would forget to take my meds in the morning, by 1:00 in the afternoon my head would start buzzing, I was agitated and in horrible shape. For years I was living in a fog. I was safely detoxed in the hospital for three days a little over a week ago. The doctor prescribed me 10 mg of Librium 3x day. This medication is mainly used for alcohol detox. It has worked wonders for me. It is another type of benzo, but for the first time in years I am happy and feel alive again. Please do not take Xanax lightly, it is an addictive viscous cycle that can make you feel worse in the long run.
10	10.0	I take xanax to help me sleep and I also take it for anxiety when needed. I haven't really been having problems with either sleep or anxiety for the last 8 months or so. So I have just been taking .25 mg (a half-dose for me) at bedtime. I have been taking xanax on and off for about 10 years. My experience with it has been nothing but positive. I have never had any negative side effects. It just calms me down a little bit and makes me feel feel a little more relaxed. I have never needed to take a bigger dose than .5 mg. It has not been addicting to me at all. But that is probably because I have rarely had to take it more than once a day. A few times when I had bad anxiety, I had to take it twice a day, but those times have been very rare.
11	9.0	Works excellent for anxiety. Have horrible social anxiety which I also take Zoloft for but xanax doesn’t really help with it. Not knowing cause my Dr’s didn’t tell me but after being on this a while and at a high dose (for me up to 3mg/day) if you don’t take it everyday you feel like rubbish. Took me almost 2 years to figure this out so regardless if I need it or not I take maybe 1mg as a maintenance dose in the middle of the day. Greatly helps to not feel sick. I also take 30mg of Temazepam at night which I thought would cover me. But for the past 10 days my mood has been really bad, the worst in years and a couple mg’s of Xanax greatly improves it but wouldn’t recommend it since it’s not prescribed to take it that way
12	10.0	I was diagnosed with panic disorder and generalised anxiety disorder 24 years ago. I suffered for many years during that time and did not take any medication with the view that I would fix the issue naturally. I tried the natural way for years, avoidance behaviour became the norm and a way of coping. 9 years ago I was at tipping point in a very stressful job and finally was prescribed xanax (alprazolam) by a GP. For the first time since my teens when the anxiety began, I finally had relief. This medication has been a complete game changer for me and has improved my quality of life by 1000%. I have been taking 0.5 mg twice a day for the past 8 years and haven't had to increase the dosage. This medication is now sadly classified as a level 8 drug in Australia due to people who don't need it abusing the drug and ruining it for those who really need it. My psychiatrist is now trying to switch me to Ativan. I have been taking it for approximately a month now and it makes me feel depressed and empty and I have never had depression. I need 2 mg to ease my anxiety (double the dose of xanax) and it basically makes me feel like crap. Feeling incredibly overwhelmed and annoyed that this medication which has helped me so much will probably no longer be available in Australia.
13	1.0	"STAY AWAY FROM XANAX. Please!! It will help you -- in the moment. But literally hours later, the rebound anxiety and insomnia will hit you and make you regret taking it at all in the first place. And before you know it you'll go from half a bar to multiple bars just to sleep at night. Oh, and the increased despersonalizion and dark thoughts are not potential ""side effects"" -- they are some of the many very real, consistently DIRECT EFFECTS of taking Xanax. Benzos should be used as rarely and as short-term as possible. Even in these cases the withdrawal is VERY real...it hurts just to live. Please. Take my word for it. I'm going through it for the TENTH time right now. ADDICTIVE"
14	10.0	Xanax has been great for me! I have suffered horribly for years from GAD, PTSD, bipolar disorder, fibromyalgia... and many more health problems. It actually gives me energy to get things done, and allows for peace and tranquility. I'm prescribed 3mg per day and it also helps me sleep at night. I've had trouble sleeping for years, but this medication has helped so much.
15	10.0	Xanax has helped me with my activity's anxiety, I have a hard time going out being around people especially, when going places like the doctors, shopping, I have a hard time being around people or even just going outdoors also just going outside in general. I don't like being away from home that's my safe zone. I get scared when I here loud loud noises, I'm afraid people are going to hurt me or the ones I love, I am happy with my dogs and cats want to be left alone, Away from the rest of the world. here are only a few that I can trust, my mother, father, My Dave plus my children, plus my therapist Mark.
16	10.0	I got prescribed 0.5mg of Xanax, that I take once a day. My wife had just died. My anxiety was so bad I would not leave the house nor would I barely eat. It made me feel alive again and I'm able to function, and get out and socialize like a normal person again. I actually have a appetite now, and I'm getting good sleep again, which I haven't felt in a long time. Xanax really saved my life.
17	2.0	"Dad always had some amount of general anxiety but managed it reasonably.  In approx 1982 he was prescribed Xanax after his Dad died unexpectedly and he was instructed to take X as needed.  He's been on and off X ever since then and has needed progressively more.  About 20 years ago he ""graduated"" to other medications including anti-depressants and at one point was on a combo that resulted in a nearly-successful suicide attempt.  He never had suicidal thoughts before or after that particular combo.  He's now old and his life is in ruins.  He takes X throughout the day but is at the max and cannot take more.  Please be aware once you start on these medications you're in it for life.  Dr's know this -- job security for them!"
18	8.0	Since my dad got sick and eventually passed away my anxiety depression and fears were just over whelming. I've been having so many intrusive thoughts since then. I had mild depression before he passed its been 5 years and its finally just has destroyed me. I finally went and got help two weeks ago and xanax not only completely calms me down it helps me focus on thing I need to focus on and not let my mind wonder with anxiety and weird thoughts. Miracle drug. Don't abuse it. Use when needed its amazing.
19	10.0	I have been on SSRI's and benzos for probably 3 or 4 years. SSRI's for depression and on top of that benzos for anxiety and panic attacks. Was on ativan for 3 years and it eventually stopped working. Would take 2 0.5mg pills and it would not affect my anxiety at all. Psychiatrist switched me to xanax 0.5mg everyday as needed up to 3 pills a day. It actually works. It takes a few minutes and wipes away any panic attack and softens my anxiety. I am very careful though because I know it can be very addictive. I was clean off the ativan for months and had no withdrawls so I know I was not addicted to that. Have only been on the xanax a few months and I only take it AS NEEDED so not to get addicted.
20	10.0	"Until yesterday, I was prescribed .5 mg. Alprazolam(xanax) for panic, anxiety and irregular sleep patterns.  I took them for four years.
I went to my psychiatrist yesterday for my monthly suboxone appointment(6 yrs).  The same psychiatrist who prescribed my .5 mg.xanax.  
I am taking suboxone for chronic pain issues from a MVA.  I had been on prescription oxycontin 60 mg, 2x's/d for 11 yrs. and that doctor retired...no doctor would prescribe a full opiate agonist and that was 5yrs. ago.  
So I was told yesterday that he could no longer prescribed both xanax and suboxone due to state and federal guidelines.  This type of inappropriate prescribing is outrageous.
Has anyone else come up against this? 
I never abused either medications."
21	1.0	I was given an extremely low dosage of this, don't know if that was part of the problem but it didn't do anything for me good or bad.
22	10.0	I'm a 19 year old girl and I've been diagnosed with Anxiety for a long time but never had an anxiety attack until now. My doctor prescribed me this medicine yesterday after I told her I had an anxiety attack 1 day ago. My heart was literally at a speed of 100 but she gave me medicine to slow it down. It really helped me sleep last night too. This medicine took me about 30-45 minutes to kick in and then it knocked me out and I was fast asleep.
23	8.0	Xanax is like putting a band-aid over a wound that needs stitches. This med helped take the edge off my anxiety and am thankful for it. It will NOT treat GAD properly because you'll be dependent with too many doses, but is a godsend for panic disorders. I still struggle with anxiety (anger, headaches, worrying, crazy thoughts). It helped me be able to sleep, socialize, not have panic attacks at work, great sex drive and I feel calm. I was prescribed 0.5mg twice a day, usually took less otherwise I'd be sleeping all day, only could go about a day without it then I need it again for anxiety. The biggest downside is that it makes me REALLY tired, lazy, poor memory sometimes. When mixed with alcohol I get very angry. Will be looking into SSRIs.
24	7.0	Xanax is a medication that must be taken seriously and with precaution. This is not a game. Taking it when you don't need to will only create addiction and the withdrawal is worse than living with the actual anxiety. Please don't take this med unless you suffer from anxiety and you are having a panic attack. It works well in these situations but my advice is to stay away from it and only take it in an emergency. I prefer lorazepam. When you take lorazepam the withdrawal symptoms are more tolerable than xanax. Xanax is awesome but it can become Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. You can die from this or get a DUI if you are caught in a driving accident. This is serious.
25	10.0	I was given this after trying several other meds. My doctor gave me 2 mg bars. The yellow ones (generic) aren't bad and the white one isn't either, but them green ones will wipe you out. They are at least 40% stronger despite being the same strength. The use to be very expensive, but are only $5.56 for a 60 pill supply with my insurance ( which is bootleg Obama care).
26	10.0	The most efficacious and useful anxiolytic I have ever had. Fast acting and requiring three times a day (chronic) administration, but also, along with the recommended 4mg lorazepam IV when actually suffering an attack and a doc is present, by a long way the best acute remedy for anxiety and panic attack.
27	2.0	I have been taking Xanax 0.25 for less than four years to control anxiety mainly before sleep. It works really well until it does exactly opposite for its purpose, causing more anxiety and distress. I have been taking Xanax randomly only to relax me before sleep, say 3 times a month, 10 times a month and most of the time half of the 0.25. I noticed that overtime especially in the months I took it more often, the anxiety, the fast heart beats and confusion and strange muscle weakness were getting beyond tolerable. In few words, I would tell anyone there that NO ONE should even begin taking this very addictive Xanax. Better suffer through your difficulties than using Xanax to ease your anxiety and panic. The drug will take you to abyss.
28	10.0	Anything that can get me back on track while I deal with my very occasional anxiety issues.  Xanax helped me out a lot 4.5 years ago and I am in need of it again.
29	8.0	I was extremely against Xanax because of knowing people who abused it, and being someone who will try homeopathic cures before using prescriptions. That said, it really helps me. I have anxiety I would describe as anywhere from mild- severe depending on the day, and week. But sometimes I get in these intensely anxious thought patterns, where I cannot let go, its terrible.Taking medication during these periods is a god-send. It allows me to return back to my normal non-anxious self. I rarely have noticed sleepiness as an effect of the medication- only when I was already sleepy before taking it. If you don't abuse your dose, it shouldn't cause you to feel out of it or have memory loss, if you truly suffer from anxiety. That's my experience
30	10.0	I'm 21 years old and this medication gave me my life back. I have social anxiety, hypochondria, and occasional panic attacks. I'd immediately become stiff and uptight at all social events as well as at school. It got so bad that it affected my grades. After I take a Xanax, the anxiety simply vanishes and it's replenished with relaxation, tranquility, and stability. All the scary, racing thoughts stop and I begin to think more logically and calmly. I take 0.5 mg five times a day as needed. Xanax is also wonderful for muscle spasms.
31	10.0	"Any drug can get a bad wrap because of some people abusing it. A lot of doctors don't even like prescribing Xanax because they don't want their patients getting ""hooked"". For me, I suffer from occasional anxiety attacks, and my prescription is ""as needed"". Anxiety attacks can be VERY scary. There were a few times I literally thought I was gonna die, it was that bad. I even went to the ER once because I believed I was having a heart attack. They are different for different people. I use to smoke and drink a lot of coffee, so I think that's what screwed up my body chemistry. I don't drink caffeine or smoke anymore. All I know is that now that I have my Alprazolam (Xanax) in my pocket, I'm not as scared to go places. I can live my life again."
32	10.0	This medication is great for anxiety and panic attacks when used correctly. Make sure you don't abuse it or mix with any downers. It says it's used for short treatment but it can (if monitor correctly) be used for long term if your doctor, physician or psychiatrist thinks it right for you. I'm very thankful for this medication for it has work wonderfully on reducing anxiety and takes away my panic attacks. (This is my opinion)
33	10.0	"I have been through many many years of anxiety. Couldn't drive a car, couldn't sit through a church service, torment. This drug helps me focus and function. 
People abuse it but it's a Godsend for people with real issues. Not everyone is a drug addict that needs xanax. I am 50 and a female and my life's been limited since a trauma at childhood. I have post traumatic stress disorder and anxiety to severe limits."
34	7.0	Helps wth anxiety but makes me very sleepy, really can't take it if have a lot of work to do. I only take half a dose .
35	10.0	"Xanax has saved my life. I have GAD, panic disorder, OCD, PTSD and major depressive disorder. This medication has made life worth living for me. I have been in therapy with a therapist, life coach and psychiatrist for 3-4 years now. I can tell you if the drug makes you drowsy or hungover, it's not for you. Also, the therapeutic dosage should not exceed 3 mg per day, ideally around 1 mg per day. As long as you stay in therapy and see your psychiatrist regularly you will not become ""addicted"" or whatever else people feel about this drug. IT WORKS!"
36	1.0	"While I found this medication to be effective for anxiety, the concentration &amp; memory loss were terrible and almost cost me my job.  

I didn't really notice anything was wrong until I started my new job.  Training was a nightmare.  I couldn't focus long enough to learn anything new!
  
I was reading a short list of keywords and by the time I got to #3 I couldn't remember #1.  I couldn't pay attention long enough to read a book, or even a short article.  I couldn't remember people's names.  I had to write everything down.  I couldn't focus on anything anyone was telling me, I would just pretend like I understood.  

Luckily I noticed something was wrong and stopped taking it about 2 months ago.  My memory and ability to focus have improved."
37	7.0	My doctor prescribed 0.5 mg which I take half a tablet going to bed if that doesn't work I take the other half. Depends on how much sleep I need or how much anxiety I have. If I'm exhausted the medicine is great  I fall asleep and next thing I know I'm awake in the morning but it usually leaves a hangover which I hate. I try to deal with my anxiety holisticly but  sometimes that does not work. I think it all comes down to eating healthy and watching my sugar and carb and caffeine intake. Walking and doing stretches works for me but honestly  Having someone who really loves you and does not abuse you in anyway is the best answer but I don't think there's many people out there like that anymore.   Koliopin is a horrible dangerous drug.   All pharmaceuticals as far as I'm concerned are bad for us and then least we take it the better off we are.
38	2.0	Lost what I typed 3 times in a row!. Xanax is awful.  Completely blacked out, wasted all my fire wood cooking a terrible meal, ended up with food everywhere and half of it missing, and came to several hours later. The rest of these pills are in the bin. Worst drug experience of my life
39	8.0	Used to treat panic symptoms of anxiety. Quite effective for me with little side effects
40	10.0	I previously said I don't sleep well and it affects my ever vigilant dogs who get up too.  After surgical menopause when I was 33 years old, (now 62) hormones and sleep changed.  I finally was prescribed Xanax 1 to 2 mg at night for sleep.. Perfect.  No side effects, no abuse.  Dogs don't follow me at 2:00 am any more ,only when time to sleep. Thanks.
41	1.0	I was prescribed these for an onset of panic attacks that would spike my BP to 175 over 130. Taking these 0.5 mg pills did nothing but make me lose my short term memory. I still felt panicked and my BP would only drop slightly until I rode out the attack.
42	2.0	Please try a different benzo before this drug. It's a life ruiner. The effects are so strong and leave the body quickly it makes you crave more. Tolerance builds like crazy with this drug too. I suggest klonopin. It works great and lasts a lot longer. Withdrawal is horrible from Xanax. You can die from it. Also comes with severe memory loss while taking it.
43	8.0	Only med that has ever really worked for me. I've tried every holistic approach to treat my anxiety, taking a .25 takes the edge off like nothing else. I'm afraid to take meds but taking xanax doesn't make me nervous. I only take it when my anxiety and panic come back, sometimes I have it under control for long periods of time. I read a lot of negative things about becoming addicted and the withdrawal effects but most of us who really suffer hate taking meds. We rather get better with no drugs. It helps me calm down so I can think clearly and get through the day or night. Wanted to post something positive for those who are afraid to take it.
44	9.0	Doctor had me on Xanax three times a day to try and stop my anxiety depression from furthering. While Xanax is wonderful for anxiety, be careful, the withdrawal can be nasty if you don't get off it properly. Needless to say I get timid taking it now cause of that. However, it helps in times of crisis.
45	9.0	I've been taking xanax for anxiety and its s life saver!! Works really well; always carry a bottle in my purse. The only cons are that it can make me sleepy at times and it has an unpleasant aftertaste.
46	8.0	Took two 2mg.xanax this evening and a suboxone last night. No affects noted. Are there any precautions I should be aware of??? Thank you...
47	10.0	Hello all, I'm 34 years old and have fibromyalgia and Anxiety.  I have taken all the anti-depressants out there and xanax is the only one that truly helped me.  I have been on xanax for the last 8 years of my life.  I am prescribed two 2 mgs a day.  I take it as needed, and often I split a 2 mg in half.  If I'm off work for a day, I will maybe take a quarter to half for the entire day.  Recently my regular doctor weaned me off of it, I thought I would be okay, instead I started having panic attacks every day.  They were so bad that even being around 1 or 2 friends, for a long period of time, I would almost lose my shit.  I had seven or eight 1 mg xanax left when I saw a psychiatrist, I told him what was happening and he wrote me a script instantly.
48	6.0	I live with PTSD, social anxiety, panic, depression (manic). I've had a rough life in the early years, and married young to a psycho. Then lost my first child. My life hasn't stopped taking as of today- I tend to hide away, in a literal sense. Locking all doors behind me. Recently the FDA marked Xanax a black label- (saying it's a killing drug with pain meds taken together) thanks to rich people and their drinking with meds, and those high profile dealers out there mixing fentenyl into simple drugs, and doctors prescribing 2mg Xanax pills several per day.., people like me get to be sick and be removed from 3 -1m tabs per day that were to help us be part of society- while we search for another medication to help us get there again.. 
49	10.0	Thank you Xanax for the best sleep ever!
50	9.0	"I suffer from emetophobia-related panic attacks and anxiety, and this drug is just a godsend. I try to reserve it until I really need it as I know that, based on my personality, I could pretty easily become dependent. If it wasn't for the issues with dependency and withdrawal it would be a ten out of ten for me.
I will note that after I stopped using it semi-regularly, I became better at dealing with anxiety ""on my own"" so to speak, and experienced less anxiety overall as I improved my coping skills. Still, I'm really grateful for this medication and encourage other miserably anxious people out there to discuss it with their doctors. It really improved my life when I thought nothing could."
51	8.0	I suffer from complicated grief and PTSD, I lost my only child to severe mental illness almost six years ago. My anxiety is through the roof right now.  Psychiatrist prescribed Ativan but it does nothing really (.5 MG) compared to Alprazolam (generic for Xanax).  Even splitting a .5 MG pill helps me to stop frantic behaviors.  But this stuff is addictive, you have to be careful never to go over prescribed daily dose and I don't know how difficult it will be to stop this medication, if I ever decide to do that.
52	10.0	"I have suffered from anxiety &amp; panic attacks since Kindergarten! I ""self medicated"",w/alcohol  &amp; weed, until they became an ""issue"",to say the least! I hit rock bottom almost losing my family, my job,tried AA, Shrinks, until I had a full blown attack.I thought I was having a heart attack ,sweating,rapid heart beat ,etc .I also dreaded any social affairs,or changes in my life .I thought I was just missing a link,not ""normal"",whatever that is! I went to my Dr &amp; he prescribed .25mg, the lowest .But I was able to 'function"" ,go to weddings ,NOT drink ,since 1999. I'm now on the 2mg addicted? I am able to live w/o alcohol &amp; function, but do feel it ,if I don't take it.Trade off? Maybe,but it's better than being a ""captive"" of my fears. Just be you!:)"
53	1.0	I haven't seen a xanax in the US from a US pharmacy with the name brand xanax scored on the pill in over 20 years. these had no taste. Real xanax have a very distinct taste. and it never melted in my mouth. xanax always melt in my mouth within a few minutes. I've seen videos on youtube of people pressing them. My advice is. Get a prescription from a doctor and get them from the pharmacy because that wasn't the first time I saw these.. The streets are flooded with these  bars.
54	4.0	I've been on quite a few different kinds of medications for anxiety and depression, but I've never had a reaction quite like I did with this one. Within hours of taking it for the first time, I began to feel nauseous, drowsy, uncoordinated, shaky; my vision was blurry and I couldn't drive a car. These symptoms persisted until I stopped the medication. I tried it once or twice after stopping the first time, and the horrible symptoms came right back. I couldn't even do my work. If you have any sensitivities to this medication I would not recommend it. I'm no doctor, but even I know when a pill isn't worth the risk.
55	10.0	I have bipolar 1, GAD &amp; PTSD. I can't rage antidepressants (even on mood stabilizers) because of the bipolar disorder and buspirone proved useless for me. Xanax has really helped me keep my anxiety under control. I don't get the sedating effects that most people seem to. I've been on the same dose for over five years. When my mother passed away, I was also on ativan PRN for a short period of time and sometimes I wish I still had that, too. Not for everyday use, just for extremely triggering events.
56	10.0	I have severe social anxiety and have tried every other medicine out there and nothing has worked. Xanax so far has changed my life. I'm able to talk to people and look them in the eye and not feel stupid every where I went. I take .5mg 3 times a day. I'm just worried about the addiction part. I've heard it's pretty bad. But I rather be happy all the time than having panic attacks all the time.
57	10.0	"For years, I didn't know I was suffering from Anxiety and Panic Attacks. My doctor told me what was happening to me &amp; prescribed Xanax. It helps me TREMENDOUSLY. I feel ""normal"" now. Been using it for 10 years."
58	5.0	I have been on Xanax since 2007 when I was watching my mother slowly suffer. I started on 0.25 mg and eventually the dose was not enough. Now ordered 1 mg in morning and 2 mg at night. It works ,however I have cognitive impairment and all I want to do is sleep and my memory is pretty shot. I weaned myself down very ,very slowly and got down to 1 mg daily at night, but then some negative events happened and I was going into a panic attack. I know this medication works, but I would not take it unless it is a must.
59	3.0	"Xanax does feel like a miracle drug, but then addictive drugs always do at 1st. All is fine, for someone with anxiety there definitely does seem to be some kind of euphoria, because you feel like you can properly have jokes, interact socially, be yourself again e.t.c. It's only a band-aid, I know it's not an ideal world where everyone can get the best therapies e.t.c. but in truth it doesn't work forever and many people (such as myself) end up with inter-dose withdrawals and 'psychological dependence', (""OMG I FORGOT TO PACK MY XANAX HOW WILL I COPE?""). Compared to the withdrawals I experienced (no seizures thank god), the anxiety that made me go to the doc in the 1st place was very minor. I would advise use for no more than a month."
60	10.0	Let's be honest guys if you have anxiety you know too well it's the only thing that helps. I've tried several others medications for my anxiety but non of them worked so well as xanax. I've tried Paxil Amitriptyline Zyprexa Celexa Seroquel. All of them were a waste of time. The only problem with xanax is that it is addictive and becomes really easily habit forming because it WORKS!
61	10.0	I have been using Xanax for the last 7 months, I don't know how to thank my doctor for prescribing this medication to me. I suffered from being lonely and scared if I will die,  I panic for every little thing, now I take every night 0.5mg Xanax, is there anyone to let me know if you taking Xanax for a long time.
62	9.0	"This med helped me to go back to a stressful job after burnout.I am so grateful to have had this to deal with stress++++.I was able to function well.but not get panicked or be exhausted by the stressful
Work in a hospital..5mg per day was so helpful."
63	10.0	"Hi everyone!
I live in Australia...
I have just returned from my doctors today 19.10.16 to be told that xanax will no longer be avaiable.
Only for special circumstances,so please check with your doctor if you are reliant on this medication."
64	7.0	I normally take xanax to get off to sleep, but here lately I have been taking it in the day time as well, because I get panicky through the day now as well. Wish this anxiety would just go away and stay away. Have an appointment with a psychologist but I really don't think it is psychological.
65	10.0	I am 64 and earlier in my life i never had any gad/panic attacks. Not scared of anything! Then my first panic attack. I was on a freeway far from home and alone. Out of the blue..the clamminess, heart rate through the roof, shakes etc. I pulled off the freeway to a parking lot. I got out and my knees buckled. I was terrified. It finally subsided somewhat and i finished the trip on back highways.  . Now my trigger is driving even though all my life i loved driving anywhere..long distances alone..no problem until this. When i got home (barely) my dr. recommended .5 mg xanax as needed. A miracle drug for me! It makes me feel normal! I do not take every day
66	10.0	"I was prescribed Xanax in 1993 when I started college at age 35. Have Panic Disorder, anxiety disorder and PTSD. Dosage has always been .5-1 mg daily. I'm completely a different person with it!! No more stuttering, no more panic attacks and running out if class to hide. 
I've never had to increase the dose since 1993. I could never gave gotten through 16 years of college without it!!"
67	10.0	"After being tried on Klonopin, and Ativan, my doctor put my on 90 1mg xanax. 
I noticed that if I put it under my tongue, that it helps faster. 
I noticed it didn't only help anxiety. Myoclonous decreases while on anxiety, and my seizures have decreased a little. I normally don't get an aura before a seizure. If I do, I quickly chew it up and melt it under my tongue. Within minutes, I calm down, and the aura will slow down most time time. 
I do believe that this has aborted a seizure too. I can't stand to get out in public, my heart races, I feel this sense of panic, and then think, ""What if I have another seizure in public?"". Feel much calmer on this medication. 
It starts working within a few minutes, unlike Klonopin or Ativan."
68	2.0	Hi all! I was given this medicine for my anxiety, I took it for 1.5 months only. I want to advise people who take this medicine to stay clear because when doctor made dosage smaller before stopping, I began to have weird sensations, my body started to sweat and I began seeing aurora around people and objects on road and was fainting for the next three months. ER say I had grand mal seizure and need a neck surgery, it didnt feel like seizures I just felt like I was dreaming. In the ER they gave me the same medicine to treat seizure so I dont know what is wrong?? Why is this medication given if its so dangerous, I never felt like this before and was very fit athletic girl in sweden.
69	10.0	This is truly a cure all!  As long as it's taken the right way and responsibly I see no problem with that whatsoever.
70	10.0	My doctor prescribed me Xanax after I got fired from my job for verbally assaulting a colleague. I also suffer from schizoaffective disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. Today, I felt like having a rage filled outburst at someone I do volunteer work with. I took a Xanax and within 30 minutes, I was happy and chatty and relaxed.
71	8.0	I deal with an aniexty disorder. Where I fear anything that has anything to do with the Apocalypse or other things like bad things in the news or conspiracy theories. When I first tried Xanax. It blew my mind. Before it I wouldn't eat or sleep because I was so worried. Now I take it when I need to and it makes me focus on things at hand.
72	10.0	In 2001, I started feeling like I was having a heart attack twice a month.  I ended up in the ER &amp; was admitted.  I happen to be one of the lucky females who suffers from hormonal anxiety.  I was given all the tests possible, stayed overnight &amp; discharged with my first script of the smallest dose of xanax.  I have used it only AS NEEDED since then and to this day it still helps me at the smallest dose once a day.   I have gone through some very serious rough patches in my life which had me taking this, at most, 1.5 pills maybe four days in a row.  It works so well that I can't ever imagine taking it more often than needed ~ why would you want to mess up something that works??  The key is taking it as prescribed, just like any medication.
73	10.0	I urge anyone to start on the smallest dose as I was pleasantly surprised that a tiny nibble of 2mg worked amazingly quick and helped curtail a full blown attack.  I have taken a full 2 mg at once when panic attack was at worst. I simply fell asleep and awoke with same anxiety.  If I take the small dose as I feel the attack coming on, it just stops. I know everyone is different but I have always been within the mindset that the stronger the better with meds. That has not been the case with Zanax for me. I also keep in mind this is a med that your body will eventually need more of for equal benefit.  It's a miracle med for those who have unexplained fear. It has saved my marriage!
74	10.0	I've been taking this medicine for 7 years. I only take the1mg pill when I'm having a panic attack. Sometimes more than other times. For me it is a God sent. That horrible tightness in your chest, and shortness in breath is unbearable. However I can see how someone could get hooked on this drug.
75	10.0	Xanax saved me. Apprehensive about taking meds but broke down after it got so bad I didn't even want to take the covers off my head with my eyes clenched shut just fearing every day because I knew anxiety, fear of everything under the sun and panic attacks would rule my day. I was told I needed to be on long term anxiety drugs so I tried lexapro and ended up in the er with side effects so horrific I don't even want to think of it now. Xanax is basically a quick fix to calm the anxiety but it's the only thing I'm willing to take and over time I broke out of the nightmare I was living. I still have bouts of anxiety but as long as I have Xanax on hand I know I'll be ok. I never had any bad side effects except for being tired. Trade is worth it
76	1.0	"Was prescribed xanax (alprazolam) for GAD. First few months were a godsend. After I became dependent on them, the doctor- apparently not understanding the slightest thing about dependence- upped the dosage several times. I noticed that my anxiety seemed to be getting worse and I was afraid to leave the house- a problem I had never had before. Took me a while to realize the elephant in the room- it was the ""anti-anxiety"" drugs! After withdrawing from the drugs- which fortunately was easy compared to the nightmare I have seen some people describe, I noticed I felt less anxious and in general, more ""alive"". If you feel like your anxiety isn't improving after long term benzo use- the root of your problem may be the drugs themselves!"
77	10.0	I was given xanax in the hospital when people at work thought I was having a heart attack. My anxiety shot up so bad, my heart rate was 170. Been on 2 mg a day ever since (this happen 2 months ago). I only take 1 1/2 mg a day &amp; it works for me.  I feel like I have control of my life again.  I have heard stories &amp; seen people on it who over take it but if you take it as prescribed,  it works.
78	10.0	I have taken Xanax for about 25 years but only as needed.  There are many years I never took any &amp; there are years I took it for a few weeks to help with my Anxiety, stress of having a child with a deadly disease &amp; the depression that ensues.  I usually take the .5mg &amp; cut it in half and only use it 1-2 times a day, occasionally 3 halves a day.  It soothes me &amp; helps my constantly chattering, negative mind take a break.  I have tried SSRIs &amp; have symptoms of being allergic to them, so can't take them, ie muscle twitching, rash &amp; itching.  So, Xanax is my only recourse.  I know it an be addictive so am very careful to take it only as needed, short courses, &amp; usually about half the amount the Dr. prescribes.  It has helped me greatly.
79	10.0	I started taking Xanax .25 mg for generalized anxiety over the past few days and it has helped me feel relaxed, less worried and happy also hasn't affected me with any crazy side effects. (Which I was afraid of happening) I was so scared to take them but my anxiety was getting out of control so I figured I would give it a try and see how my body handles it. I'm going to continue taking one a day since it seems to be helping a lot. I don't worry and I feel calm, the pill does wear off after a few hrs and takes about 20-30 mins to kick in but my dr says it's safe to take another one as needed. I'm also doing counseling too and it is very helpful as well. Definitely recommend this for anxiety!
80	10.0	For several years I have been prescribed 1mg to take up to 3 times per day - sometimes I take less, some days even none! But I find that Xanax does for me what adderall does for children suffering add. For some reason the drug helps me have precision focus, a clear mind, better communication, rapid fire thought processing, and motivation - just for starters. I don't expect to take it for the rest of my life, but I go thro prolonged periods of anxiety and antisocial behavior (will urinate in bottles in my room when at my worst). Glad  to know there are a few people who Experience the same effects  using Xanax as Maintenance.  It's been a life saver for me! Curious to understand why it has this off label effect on us select few.
81	10.0	For several years I have been prescribed 1mg to take up to 3 times per day - sometimes I take less, some days even none! But I find that Xanax does for me what adderall does for children suffering add. For some reason the drug helps me have precision focus, a clear mind, better communication, rapid fire thought processing, and motivation - just for starters. I don't expect to take it for the rest of my life, but I go thro prolonged periods of anxiety and antisocial behavior (will urinate in bottles in my room when at my worst). Glad  to know there are a few people who Experience the same effects  using Xanax as Maintenance.  It's been a life saver for me! Curious to understand why it has this off label effect on us select few.
82	10.0	I have been suffering from panic attack since 2013 and was kept on Xanax .5mg TDS really its the drug which can enhance the Quality of life. Even though we have the xanax regularly but some times panics and anxiety comes, i though to cure anxiety off when met to psychiatrist he prescribed Zoloft 50mg once a day along woth clonazipam .25mg at bed time, having satarted that panics came with great intensity i left both Zoloft and Revotril and rejoin Xanax the problem solver... Thx Almighty who has put lots of benefits in Xanax...
83	10.0	"Very helpful in reducing anxiety for me.  It is fast-acting, and it made a difference in me being able to keep up with my job.  Now, I'm on Klonopin though since the doctor said that it stays in the system longer for anxiety.  However, the fast relief of Xanax works very well when an immediate spike in anxiety happens.  The effects usually only last a few hours for me, and I can understand how it can be addictive for this reason, but it's been great for immediate panic symptoms and helpful with focusing.  I did not notice that ""drugged up,"" foggy feeling on a small dose of .5 mg-1 mg as needed."
84	10.0	Xanax has really helped me with my anxiety and it's not habit forming to me. It helps me a lot!
85	10.0	I am on a 1mg dose of xanax on and off for about a year for imsonia, night panics and generalized anxienty. And I can say this is the best pill. Worked great for me. It helps me feel calm allday and relaxed during the night so I can get the sleep I need. Gives me energy during the day when I drink green tea early morning.
86	10.0	Man, there's nothing to say about xanax that hasn't been said. It does its job like nothing else. Works perfectly, but because of that, it's super addictive to people prone to anxiety and stress. Because it's the magic pill that makes it go away! That said, my experience with it has been mostly good, as I have never gone above 2mg and i try to keep myself at 1mg daily. This is a literal life saver for someone with severe anxiety.
87	10.0	I've been taking low dose .5mg xanax for a few years for social anxiety and occasional panic attacks. It's excellent. I take it as needed, which I like, it lets me feel more in control. I rarely take a full dose. It's very effective even in a lower dose. It just lets me keep anxiety under control so I can function well. I never notice any major fogginess or anything with it either unlike other benzos I've taken like ativan. Just in moderation. A little goes a long way. Absolutely great medication for anxiety and occasional severe panic attacks. It has completely helped me build my confidence up and get my life back!
88	10.0	I suffer from anxiety and mood swings much of it is work stress related, Xanax has worked wonders for me no habit I have not experience any side effects and I don't believe is habit forming, I only take it as needed, I always keep them with me just in case I suffer a panic attack, I greatly recommend it.
89	10.0	I have been on Xanax 1mg TID since 2013. This has been a miracle drug for my anxiety. I also take Celexa 40mg daily in combination with Xanax. Within minutes of taking my prescription, I feel a tremendous amount of stress relief. I normally take 2 at bedtime and sleep straight through the night and never wake up groggy. I feel refreshed each morning, and get ready for work. 2 thumbs up for this medication. Those that abuse it, you give patients who truly suffer from anxiety and depression a bad name.
90	9.0	I had only taken Xanax a few times as needed and losing it (oops). Sometimes it works right away with calming me down and everything, but this one time I was a mess and it took a while to work. But, on the bright side, I have very bad insomnia and it made me sleep better. I do not take it as a sleepy aid, that was just one instance where it was night time.
91	10.0	I began taking xanax at 1mg daily spread out over the day when diagnosed with Breast Cancer.  I have had it 3 times now so have been on this medication for 6 years. It controls  my anxiety and panic or fearful thoughts mostly. It's been extremely  helpful and my doctor knows I keep my dosage as directed. Very beneficial for me but it took a long while to overcome the stigma. Life is to valuable to waste feeling bad.!!
92	9.0	I have GAD, PTSD, Adult ADD, Bi-polar &amp; crippling panic attacks aka Panic Disorder. I was diagnosed with panic disorder at the age of 7. It ruins my life. I took klonopin for 7 years threw middle and high school. It worked okay but I always felt like something else could work better. I have been on Prozac, cymbalta, latuda, visteril, lexapro, Effexor, amnitriptalyne, celexa, Paxil, lyrica, neurontin, depakote, seroquel and risperdal. Nothing EVER worked. I finally am on a routine of; 40mg Prozac, 25mg amnitriptalyne, 40mg adderall a day, .5mg klonopin 4X daily, .5mg of halcion for insomnia. My doc recently changed me to 1mg Xanax 3X daily and it has been a lifesaver. I don't feel like a zombie and my mood has evened out!! Love it so much.
93	5.0	I started taking this medication since I was 18 years old on and off. Let me put it in simple terms it is highly addictive. Yes it cured my anxiety but temporary only as long as I was on it. Miss a day and you want to crwal out of your own skin. The withdrawls are horrendous. Xanax just masks the problem. As soon as I got back on it my brain just wants it and thats all I think about. Valarian root is healthier and natural think twice before taking Xanax. Go for natural products if you can.
94	8.0	"I get anxiety attacks with nausea (GAD diagnosed) and use half a .25 tablet during an attack. I'm pretty drug sensitive and also leery of overuse. I'm way under recommended dosage of one full .25 tab every six hours, but it takes the edge off my rushing thoughts of worry at half of one every 12-16 hours as needed.

I was without anxiety attacks for 7 years and had a very old prescription that I used when my attacks returned. FDA has to list an expiration date but 80-90% of the drug was still active."
95	10.0	I've been struggling with severe anxiety and depression since I was a child. I've tried everything for anxiety: lexapro, Celexa, Effexor XR, Prozac, and Xanax. It's been the only medication that has really saved my life from this illness. Otherwise, if I don't take it, I won't be able work or live. I know that there is so much stigma about how it's addicting and it's abused. If you genuinely have a serious anxiety disorder, don't focus on the stigma. Take them! Or try to live the severe anxiety. You sort of have to pick your poison. I have never abused xanax. I started taking Klonopin for about a year, and was switched to xanax. I've always taken my medicine as prescribed. Right now, I'm taking .25 mg and it does wonders for me.
96	6.0	Way too addictive. Very expensive in my country, and gives me extreme vivid dreams/nightmares. But the mellow feeling is nice after a panic attack. Stops dead on track panic, and almost any emotional crisis. But I prefer to stay away. I changed to Klonopin.
97	8.0	I started out Valium for about 20 years 10 mg x 4 a day. Used for anxiety and sleep. It worked was a comfort to know most of the time used 2 per day so I always had extra. I think knowing I had extras help almost as much. Then Dr changed prescription to alprazolam 2 mg tablets 4 times a day, some heavy difference, at first it worked well . In the beginning I felt it 30 minutes after I took it and only needed 2 per day, now I'm at 4 per day that's 8 mgs and I don't feel it , I don't know about withdrawals but I hear it's pretty hard to get off and I've been on them for 30 years. Not sure what to expect but think I would feel more alert and energetic too
98	9.0	I've just switched to Klonopin from being on Xanax for almost 11 years. It worked WONDERS for me. I never abused it and take it responsibly, but I did develop a tolerance to it after so long on it. One of the best things about Xanax is that it kicks in pretty quickly, which is a must for panic attacks. It's very hard for me to let Xanax go because it's the only thing that really worked for my anxiety and panic attacks.
99	3.0	"Used for 6 weeks to treat muscle spasms and phobia. After asking my doctor to wean me off we followed a regimen, and it was the worst withdrawal I have ever experienced in my whole life, even worse than things that I've taken in the past.

I suffered temporal epileptic seizures for 3 days, and was staring at the door for an hour before my girlfriend smacked me to wake me up. 6 days later I suffered two consecutive grand mal seizures that broke my skull and nose.

I had never history of seizures, brain MRI   EEGs done last year came out clear and crystal, and this medicine lowered my threshold so much, 6 months after I stopped it I am not the same, I am not the same anymore. Please be careful and think ten times before you decide to drop it."
100	10.0	My psychiatrist prescribes me 15 Xanax 0.5mg per month. I have generalized anxiety disorder and depression, and am on other meds for that; Xanax is only for extra-stressful situations. It is incredibly effective. Within minutes of taking it, I am much calmer. I notice no side effects whatsoever.
101	10.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder and several other mental illnesses, so I am on a combination of medications. Xanax is one of the best of the bunch. I only get fifteen 0.5mg pills per month, for use only in stressful situations. Works like a charm every time. Within fifteen minutes my anxiety and panic symptoms are well under control. No side effects whatsoever. I know the danger of addiction is very real, but as long as I use my Xanax sparingly, I see no reason to ever stop taking it. I also take Tenormin, Neurontin, Ambien, Buspar, and Remeron.
102	10.0	I have been on Xanax for about 30 years now. I have suffered with anxiety since I was a child and depression later in life. I started out only taking 0.5 mg a day, even going for periods of time without taking it at all, and then over the past 15 years I have graduated to only 1.5 mg a day. I feel no need for an increase. I suffer with all the usual anxiety symptoms, but one symptom that is most annoying is the choking sensation I feel in my throat. I believe I carry my stress and worries there. When I take Xanax, it takes this terrible feeling away. I find it extremely difficult to get a doctor to prescribe me this medicine as I moved to another state. The people who abuse this drug make it extremely difficult for those of us who need it.
103	1.0	Hello everybody.  I'm only giving Xanax a 1 out of 10 because it doesn't seem to have any effect on me.  I've been getting it every month for a few years.  I started it back when, after taking Paxil for a decade, it started to decrease its effectiveness and my anxiety and panic attacks were beginning to re-appear.  My psych switched me to Effexor, and while we were figuring out the best dose in combination with Buspar, I was desperate to have a fast-acting solution to the panic when I felt it coming on.  He gave me Xanax, but it didn't help with the overwhelming anxiety unless I took a few of them, and even then the improvement was minimal to moderate.  When I found the magic dosage amount with the Effexor my anxiety all but disappeared..
104	5.0	I started on Xanax after the birth of my second child for post partum anxiety. I used Ativan after my first baby but my new doctor wanted me to try Xanax. I thought it worked great at first. .25 my 4 x a day. Most days I only took 2 or 3. My baby developed colic issues and my husband was working 60 -70 hours a week so I had no help and was going crazy from no sleep and endless hours of non-stop crying so they upped my dose to .5 mg 3 x a day. Things calmed down around 3 months so I tried to cut back down but ended up with severe panic attacks and shaking, etc. Even when I take my regular dose on time I am still struggling with increased heart rate, shakiness, irritability, etc. Hoping to switch meds or something at my next appointment.
105	10.0	I started taking Xanax over ten years ago for my anxiety. I started with .5 mg twice a day and ended up at .5 mg every 4 hours and still felling like I needed more as I was addicted. I had one heck of a time weaning off. I now take 1/2 of a .25 mg tablet every 3 to 4 hours when needed for my tinnitus. It works to lessen the anxiety caused by the constant ringing in my ears and I try some days to take it only once or twice. It has worked great for me but I suggest being very conservative with your dosing because it is very easy to build a tolerance and form an addiction.
106	10.0	"I suffer from moderate, sometimes severe anxiety. General life stress, such as my job (bad bosses), my kids arguing over any &amp; everything, etc...
I've been on Xanax (alprozolam) for about 2 years on &amp; off. Recently I've started experiencing panic attacks with psychotic features (self-diagnosing here) and as soon as I take a .5mg Xanax tablet, I'm fine within 5-10 minutes. This little tablet has been a lifesaver for me."
107	10.0	All started when I was about 18 years young. All typical symptoms - racing thoughts, palpitations, high blood pressure, dizzines, fear, choking feeling, chest tightness, fear of death and many other unbearable things which happens when anxiety becomes uncontrollable! Over the years I have had my good days and my bad days. Sometimes to a point where I don't want to live anymore, but then comes good days and to live is the thing I want the most. For those dark moments when close to panic xanax has really helped me! It gets me a bit calmer straight away, and then I can start breathing excercise and other little things which help to calm down. Without xanax I honestly wouldn't know what to do!
108	7.0	"
xanax forums are full of how xanax can  be so strong for some people. to me it was like a sledgehammer over my head. I woke 6 hours later with no recollection of what went on other than I slept. this was a low dose. It is either panic or been knocked out. Where are all these pleasant experiences I hear about?"
109	7.0	I've been suffering from General Anxiety Disorder for over 30 years.  I was on Lexapro which was controlling my anxiety wonderfully.  I was laid of from my job after 28 years working there.  I then found a new job but because it was change and new I had a massive panic/anxiety attack and quit the job after 3 days.  My psychiatrist then prescribed Xanax along with the Lexapro.  I was taking 40 mg of Lexapro and .75mg of Xanax daily, the combination has worked for the last 6 years.  However now I have another new job and had another massive panic/anxiety attack.  The combination of Lexapro and Xanax is no longer working.  I am now trying 20mg of Brintellix and 3mg of Chlonopin.  I'm hoping this works in order to keep my job.
110	8.0	I've always suffer with anxiety, but I've been able to control it. I've been out of work for 3 weeks, with a phobia of going back, because I had a panic attack, &amp; I was exposed, and people were watching. My secret was out. Rewind - 3 weeks ago I had a kidney infection, I was in the hospital for 5 days, home for 5 days, then went directly back to a stressful job. That's where it happened the attack.. people were surrounding me and causing me more stress, I was put back in the hospital. I'm now on buspar, and xanax. Buspar I have my negative thoughts on that, not sure it's helping or not dizzy spells. But the Xanax does help with the anxiety. It makes me super sleepy and groggy. I'm seeing a therapist and psychiatrist, pray 4 me
111	1.0	"Xanax simply stops to work when taken too long on a daily basis. At that point, one reaches ""tolerance,"" and the medication is simply no longer effective at that dose. Many psychiatrists tend to keep prescribing Xanax and other benzodiazepines at this point (strong, addictive tranquilizers that lead to dementia and Alzheimer's) as maintenance meds. It is then up to you to realize how bad they are and wean yourself off them, going through years and years of dangerous withdrawal. The best solution is don't even start! XANAX: NOT EVEN ONE!"
112	10.0	I am giving it 10, because it simply works, and it's the best med out there for anxiety. Bad thing is.. it's very addictive . I have been taking it for almost a year now, on and off, 0.5 if I feel very anxious before going to bed. Yes withdrawals can be bad, but don't listen to all the bad things people say when going off, if you need it you take it.. My mother has been on this med for 10 years as prescribed. If you don't abuse it. You have no reason to be scared. Cheers A!
113	4.0	Thankfully I only took this med for a few weeks and at the lowest dose possible. I was taking .25 mg 2-3 times a day for a few weeks until my long term anxiety medication started to kick in. This medication truly does help for extreme anxiety and panic attacks but should only be used short-term. The use of this medication for any longer than a month on a daily basis is a recipe for disaster, this drug can be very addicting and is really hard to come off after long-time use. Luckily I researched this drug and knew this shortly after taking it so I was aware, because the doctors never informed me of the risks.
114	10.0	I was having difficulty coping after the death of my husband. Xanax helped me to put everything into perspective which allowed me to face enormous challenges.  I rarely ever felt slow from the low dosage, only calm.
115	1.0	Its been 3 months now off Xanax ( was taking up to 4 mg a day for 2 years after brother killed himself) and I'm just now starting to feel like myself again.  Coming off the xanax was the hardest thing I've ever done.  I had to force myself to work and keep my job. I had good days and bad days (more bad than good). My symptoms were crazy. No sleep, headaches, shakes, twitching, pain everywhere, memory problems. If I knew how hard it is to come off benzo's, I never would have touched it. Short term use= ok. Stressful event=ok. If this helps one person, then yay. Please be careful! Don't end up detoxing off of a benzo and going thru hell for weeks or months. Research this med. Not fun!
116	9.0	I had Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and Xanax is the only drug I've found that works to alleviate the symptoms. I take .25mg no more than twice a week and within 20 minutes I feel calm and relaxed. Combine it with yoga and meditation and all your worries are gone. I like to take a .25mg pill and immediately do some yoga and meditate for 20 minutes. By the time you're done meditating you'll feel great for a couple hours. It helps just knowing the pill is there if I want it. I actually find that I take it much less than twice a week, only 1 or 2 times a month if that. I have no other side effects that I notice.
117	10.0	I've been on and off Xanax for years! I've only always took 1/2 of 0.25mg to take the edge off when I felt my anxiety coming on and if I knew I was going to do something out of my comfort zone! It has helped me tremendously. I concentrate better and it actually helps my stuttering. I'm a firefighter/paramedic and I'm constantly dealing with stressful situations! I love my job and never could have done it without Xanax. I hate that it gets a bad wrap because people abuse it! I have never even come close to abusing it and use it for what it's for! Throughout the years I've tried all other anti anxiety medications and Xanax is the only one that helped me! It's almost like I have a chemical imbalance and Xanax corrects it!
118	10.0	"This pill works miracles for me.

It is completely effective against all of my anxiety. It also makes me feel less OCD. I no longer obsess over thoughts or worry while I am on this. Xanax unleashes my creativity. I play guitar, write music and draw a lot. I used to do all these things but have thought I lost interest because I had no inspiration.

I have no side effects except some memory loss and tiredness.

I wish my doctor would up my prescription, I am on 2 mg a day and for the past nine months I have always finished my prescription in 1 - 2 weeks. But this does well for keeping tolerance low and avoiding addiction and dependence. I am on it for 2 weeks and then off until my refill."
119	10.0	Xanax has given me my life back. I suffer from severe anxiety a few times a year, for no reason. I've been given other Benzos that leave me feeling like a zombie. I can take a tiny amount (and I'm talking 1/2 0.25) of Xanax and it calms me down enough to enjoy life.
120	8.0	I like to think of this as headache medicine. Take only when you have one. This medicine should be used in emergencies only. It is not for taking everyday. For that I recommend something that has a longer shelf-life-that takes longer to break down, like Klonopin. Because of Xanax short wait time and short shelf-life, it can make you feel like an addict. If you forget a dose, in less than 4 hrs you can experience WORSE symptoms of anxiety because they come without warning or provocation. Instant panic attacks, inability to think or work, etc. However, as a panic attack reducer or for the instant release of an intense anxiety-related event, I do highly recommend it.
121	10.0	Do not use if you have acute anxiety. I've had lifelong daily anxiety and depression that has never gone away. I ended up dropping out of school because I couldn't sit still without having a full blown panic attack shaking. My head spins all day and my anxiety causes me migraines. I've tried yoga meditation and all natural remedies. I've come to terms with the fact it is genetic. I didn't know xanax existed. I've tried all antidepressants and they messed me up pretty bad. But I do have a very high tolerance to this medicine. I hate that its addicting because its the only thing that makes me feel normal and able to live my life happy.
122	10.0	"I had anxiety that would tighten my muscles so tensely, especially in my jaw, my neck, my throat and between my shoulders. My doctor prescribed me a small dose as needed. I wish I'd known that this is what I needed. I felt such relief, my thoughts and muscles relaxed and the next day I felt like a million bucks. 
I'm aware that there are some addictive problems for some people, happily after that one night of relaxation its like I was freed from a tormenting chamber and I didn't feel need for more. I have it on hand and have used it a couple times, but have felt nothing of the intense pain I'd known before. I can think more clearly just from those few nights/days of relief in the three months I've had it."
123	10.0	This drug literally saved my life. Before I started taking it, there was no quality of life left. I would get so nervous around people I couldn't go out into public at all, had severe panic attacks all of the time... I've dealt with this my entire life, and it took me 17 years being put on every anti depressant/mood stabilizer/even anti psych meds except anti anxiety meds (because doctors are too afraid to prescribe them...we have a lot of junkies here) I finally found a doctor who understands me. I take 1mg xanax 3 times a day and 1,200 mg of lithium a day. This medication has changed my life. I no longer struggle with my life, I feel like for the first time I have total control and it feels great.
124	8.0	Xanax is a great medicine that has been under a lot of flack recently because of irresponsible individuals who give it a bad name. I have been taking it for over two years now in an on/off fashion and sometimes for a few months at a time; however, I always take a few days every week to flush it out. My anxiety issues stem from a traumatic childhood making me miss out on a lot of GREAT opportunities throughout life, opportunities that Xanax is helping me take advantage of today. I am a very active male, I run and lift regularly and what I noticed about Xanax from the get go is that I had an extremely high tolerance to it.  I take 1.5mg of Xanax and .1mg of Clonidine due to this fact - WARNING -clonidine has bad side effects when stopped cold
125	5.0	Xanax is amazing! In 20 minutes it will completely take away all of your anxiety and/ or problems and everything will be ok. Life goes on! The only problem is that Xanax has such a short half life, that in 6 hours it goes away, and your brain wants more. If you take it daily watch out!  That little pill can ruin your life.  In prison they will only give med's to people detoxing from alcohol or benzo's.  Bc it can kill you! Short term, stressful event like flying or giving a speech or a panic attack- will do you good.  Try not taking your Xanax for a few days and see how you feel?  Or run out of your prescription a few days early. Let me say..its not fun.  Please be responsible and try meditation or working out.  Stay away from alcohol/stims
126	5.0	I was prescribed this med because I lost my dad very suddenly recently and suffered my first full blown panic / anxiety attack . The attack itself was the usual numbness and tingling sensation . Hard time breathing and impending doom thoughts . I was told to take on a as needed basis so that's what I did . I started to have the strangest things happening to my body , flu like symptoms with hot and cold flashes and pain ALL OVER! My usually high blood pressure kept falling and I was dizzy and lightheaded . My doctor attributes it to anxiety and directed me to take more ! So we upped my dose and OMG the pain was worse !! Now I know I might just be sensitive to this drug but my friend had the exact same experience with it . So beware !
127	10.0	"I have severe anxiety and at times, I can't even hold still. I completely avoid going out due to the severity of it. 
Tried 1mg of xanax under the tongue, and within ten minutes, I could feel the anxiety getting better. Zero negative side effects."
128	10.0	"I have had PTSD and anxiety disorder for about 15 years.  I felt like I was  falling off of a building and at night time I would have bad nightmares from past things.
This is the only things that I can take that relieves it without making me tired in the day time.  I haven't had to raise my dose in the last 6 years I have taken it.  Actually I take the generic form alprazolam."
129	1.0	Hello everyone out there reading this.  I started taking xanax for anxiety( a 2mg bar at night for sleep to turn my brain off at night). Worked my way up to 2 2mg bars a night for sleep/anxiety.  BRAIN FOG set in. MEMORY LOSS like I was going crazy.  BE CAREFUL this med (and all benzo's)  are for short term use ONLY!!!.  Tried to taper myself off and couldn't.  I went to a detox facility (Hospital) and detoxed properly. Was a horrible experience.  I was stuck in a hospital with heroine/alcoholics for a week. If your reading this BE CAREFUL. This med is for short term use.
130	10.0	"I've been on this for 15 years. Started out on .25mg daily, now I'm at 1mg 4x daily. 
This truly does help tremendously, especially when,having a panic attack.
Just please know that if you try and stop it, please see a Dr! You get really sick, I have never felt that bad in my life...I felt like I was dying. You need to properly tapered off. 
This medicine is great but also has serious mental and physical side effects, especially when used for long time periods."
131	10.0	I live in the UK where it is virtually impossible to get Xanax (or any benzodiazepine) so I am very lucky to have found a good doctor to prescribe it. I am 25 years old and the last 14 years of my life were a living hell. I have BPD and a very severe anxiety disorder that left me having multiple daily panic attacks, breakdowns and even suicide attempts. Every doctor told me in the UK we get talking therapy and an SSRI for anxiety, but never benzo's. So I suffered on for years and years until 4 months ago I found a Dr who prescribed me Xanax (Alprazolam) 0.5mg 3 times a day (1mg if needed) and it is a miracle drug to me. For the first time in my life, I live without the constant, crippling anxiety. I HIGHLY recommend this med.
132	10.0	Truly a miracle pill! Starting have severe anxiety attacks out of nowhere (heart palpation, numbness in arms and legs, dizzy, tremors) and with 15 to 20 mins I feel normal again! I would advise to only take when desperately need to because I can see how they can become addictive! I take .5mg but will start to cut that in half a lower dosage is always better if it works. I have only been taking for one week, so far so good, and no side effects to report.
133	10.0	I have been on every medication out there to help with my anxiety,/depression.  I was taking effexor which worked at first but I noticed that my head was just filled with unnecessary garbage to say the least.  My Dr took me off of the effexor and replaced it with brintellix and saphris which really helped my moods and depression.  But my anxiety was still affecting me to the point I thought I was having a stroke.  He prescribed my 1 mg of Xanax 3 times a day and wow!  The difference is night and day!  I am actually able to function normally and am so relieved.  I'm still scared to be taking it because of the addiction that can come with it,  but with my Dr's guidance I am feeling better about this medication.  My anxiety has subsided! Grateful!
134	2.0	I started this medication after developing a moderate/serve anxiety disorder after my grandfather passed unexpectedly, I was started on .25mg to to take twice a day and it had absolutely NO effect on me. If anything it made me anxiety symptoms worse and my breathing more shallow &amp; panicked. The only thing the medication was good for was to help me sleep. Other than that it did not clear any anxious thoughts or take any of the edge off my anxiety. I would not recommend it for constant anxiety/anxious thoughts. I've heard it's only good for killing quick burst panic attacks. Has no affect on long term anxious thoughts.
135	8.0	Xanax may have saved my life. In the early nineties I was a young man pursuing my ambitions career, cars and women. Whatever I have done / experienced led me to be violent in my reaction to assholes. Also mom raised me as she went through menopause and was volatile. I was dangerously aggressive in my early 30's. xnx worked with no side affects noticed, sleepiness at first, that's all.I sought xnx because it made me feel like I should, calm, thus able to focus. Did well all these years. I got laid off, Doc retired and I can't find a local doc to prescribe.  The system took it away, Clandestine alternatives are expensive, risking life, limb and employment,  Docs are ignorant sometimes.
136	10.0	"In 2007 I started having what I now know panic attacks, but didn't know it at the time my doctor sent my blood in for testing, trying to figure out why I'm having to pull over when driving cuz I think I'm going to pass out due to hyperventilation. First I thought I was having low blood sugar but a few weeks later at my follow up appt. My doctor said "" you're having major panic attacks I believe."".. I tried every anxiety medication there is trying to feel better.Then my Dr. Gave me 1mg alpazolam every 6 hours as needed. I still take xanex and 20mg of lexapro to this day.  Just having a xanex bar in my pocket helps prevent attacks, today I get 45 2mg bars  and I make sure I try to take no xanex a few times a week so I don't become dependent"
137	8.0	Recently was prescribed Klonopin because my doctor didn't like how Xanax had such a quick onset but also quick fall.  I was okay with the change initially because even at 0.5mg, Xanax would make me so sleepy I couldn't function.  That made it pretty impossible to take during any day panic.  I've been have anxiety the last couple days, so I took a Klonopin last night hoping that I would wake with a sense of calm like I usually did with the Xanax.  Nope...the anxiety is actually worse.  Xanax isn't perfect; like I said, I generally try not to take it unless I am at home, so I've suffered a lot when I shouldn't have had to, but it has a much more calming affect than Klonopin is giving me.  I never took it long-term - only as needed.
138	9.0	I only take as needed, and it usually works awesome. Even knowing i have it as backup reduces my anxiety. It works best if taken before a stressful event but having a TBI makes remembering difficult. It also works better for me since i don't have to take daily on a schedule like other anxiety medications
139	5.0	Really does help with anxiety/panic attacks, but has nasty withdrawals. I was prescribed .5mg 3x a day, and whenever I moved, my new doctor stopped prescribing me them, pretty much forcing me to quit cold turkey. Worst month of my life, and it only exacerbated my anxiety in the end.
140	10.0	Xanax helped me major status! When I was 22 years old tried spice its a messed up chemical synthetic THC bull.. anyways I smoked three bowls and then boom I couldn't breath my hands and muscles tightened up and I couldn't move. And my chest felt like I had 500 pounds on it! I thought I was dying and my whole body was tingly! Went to the hospital and they diagnose with GAD and panic disorder. For three months I did not leave my house and I thought I was dying 50% of the time. So my doctor put me on Ativan for a month I stopped taking it in 5 days. I felt like I was going insane. So I was given. Xanax for a month. The first time taking it BOOM it all stopped I was a normal person it helped me get over all my panic attacks! 0.5Mg as needed!
141	7.0	This is a qualified positive review for Xanax.  I was suffering from mild depression and anxiety last winter and my doctor put me on Wellbutrin.   That stuff takes 4-8 weeks to work and in the interim it can really up your anxiety level.  A week later I started 1mg Xanax 1-2X/day and it took care of the anxiety immediately.  I continued using Xanax for more restful sleep but after about 3 months I realized that short and long term memory was WAY down.   Stopped Xanax and replaced with GABA and this seems to be a far better solution.   The Wellbutrin worked great, felt more energy the first week but did take 6-8 weeks to fully kick in.  I will now ONLY take the Xanax for rare, severe stress.  Also check the  connection to Alzheimers.
142	10.0	Xanax made me a normal person again. I had bouts of anxiety seemingly my entire life, but it didn't become debilitating until I reached my 20s and became overwhelmed with everything on my plate and I lost sight of who I was. I couldn't focus on anything because I was too worried about school and work and my health issues. It became too much, and I dropped out of school with a 4.0! Anxiety stole my life away, but Xanax gave me the strength to gain it back. I'm finally about to graduate, have a wonderful job, and just recently got engaged! I am a normal person, and I thank anxiety for calming my brain and enabling me to live a beautiful, productive life. I highly recommend it if you genuinely suffer from debilitating anxiety.
143	9.0	I take this as needed for anxious situations: i.e. the dentist (I would flee from the office crying if not for the Xanax), being around large crowds of people, etc.   It certainly takes off the edge that accompanies anxiety and helps me to be in situations that I normally couldn't.  It seems to take 45 mins to an hour to kick in so I am proactive in taking it to be prepared.  It's been a great help to get me to certain places and be able live life.
144	9.0	I have had anxiety since I was a child, from my personal experiences this medicine is the fastest and effective but BE VERY CAREFUL also the most depending.  I ran my prescription short one month and was without for a couple of days and had a seizure while driving. Just because the doctor says three or four times a day doesn't mean you need them that much, BE VERY CAREFUL!
145	8.0	I started having anxiety attacks a few months ago due to marijuana use. Bad life choice I regret but due to my natural anxiety marijuana made it 10x worse. I started having anxiety attacks sometimes up to 6x a day for a few weeks. I had a visit to my doctor scheduled anyway and was honest and told him about my situation. He prescribed me xanax to use as a short term medication for my anxiety attacks as he said weed can cause horrible anxiety for a month in some ppl. I took it as prescribed which was every six hours as needed. I started with about .25mg a day but took .5 a few times when it was real bad. 2 weeks later I began splitting the pills in half to .12. Am completely off it now but made a huge difference in my life for that time.
146	10.0	I've been battling anxiety since before I could remember it got so bad that I finally tried Xanax  for thw first time today and so far I feel like my best self l. My mind is no longer racing a million miles a minute and I don't feel tense at all, only peacefulness.
147	7.0	Severe withdrawal
148	5.0	Rash, dry eye, dry mouth, dry skin, sore tongue and throat, cramps.
149	10.0	This medication has helped me a lot it keeps me calm and it's fast acting just take them as prescribed!
150	9.0	Great for what it is meant for but a huge risk factor for dependency. If you can your better off taking Lexapro.
151	10.0	Takes away all anxiety and stress. I have GAD SAD and PTSD.
152	10.0	Works very well for anxiety. The best way to take these types of medicines is to take them as needed. Some doctors will tell you to take them everyday as prescribed, but I found in my 20 years of experience with Xanax that taking them everyday is an easy way for it to become habit forming and addictive. When I take them as needed I don't become dependent on them. I think doctors disagree with this method because they feel that you need to counter the anxiety before you get it and that way you can learn to tolerate it. I have tried using Xanax both ways, it's nice not having anxiety, but your body and mind will adapt to the dosage and if you take it long enough you will find you need a higher dose to feel like you did.
153	5.0	I noticed my memory was very much affected on Xanax.  This is the quickest working benzo in my opinion, but does not last long.  Also, the withdrawals from Xanax were more severe than the withdrawals from the other benzos I've been on.  It works great for some people, but not so much for me.
154	8.0	Acts very quickly and definitely feel the calming effect. The only downsides is that it doesn't last very long (2-3 hrs max, maybe even less) and you quickly build up a tolerance for it so you end up having to take much more the more you use it.
155	9.0	Only benzodiazepine that worked completely. Been on all the others. Have tried antidepressants with negative results. So at the correct dose. Alprazolam is what I consider the hardest working anxiety and stress reliever available.
156	2.0	Great for anxiety. However, only recommend using short term. I've gone through opiate withdrawing as well as benzo withdraws, and benzo withdraws are far worse. Never felt more suicidal...use with caution...
157	10.0	"I have been on Xanax for a few years due to my anxiety discover. This tablet which I only take a quarter of when it is necessary which doesn't happen very often has helped me sleep and calm down. 
My sister has terminal cancer. 
It also helped me go through tough events."
158	10.0	"I take this medication as needed. I take 150 mg Effexor daily, which helps with the majority of my depression and anxiety, but I take Xanax when I need to take the edge off. I was recently prescribed this, and I have only had to use it twice, while flying (I go into full panic mode). I took an entire pill 30 minutes before my flight and it made me relax right away. I have never been able to sleep on a plane (even during international flights), but it calmed me down to the point I fell asleep during both flights. It didn't even bother me during take off when the pilot had to slam on the breaks due to a cargo light.

This medication does make me sleepy, though I have not taken half a dose so far. My panic attacks are not as frequent as some."
159	10.0	Been taking it for 2 years and it gets me through anxiety attacks.
160	10.0	I have been on quite a few antidepressants in addition to Xanax.  The antidepressants made my anxiety and panic worse, needing to increase my intake of Xanax when on the antidepressant(s).  I was really reluctant to take the Xanax when I was first prescribed the medication.  I have been of Pristiq for 8 months now and have lowered my Xanax from 1 mg in the morning, 1mg midday and 2 mg at bed.  I am now taking 0.5mg in the morning and 1.5 mg at bed.  I am taking vitamins, doing yoga and taking better care of myself. My doctor knows, I am honest. He wanted me to take 2mg every 8 hours but never did. My Mother just died a few weeks ago and have been getting really bad anxiety and still the same dose helps me.  Hope this helps.
161	10.0	The best to ease the stress
162	10.0	After a recent medical diagnosis, I had a difficult time coping and felt a tremendous sense of fear and worry constantly. Brought me to the point I was physically ill everyday and having panic attacks frequently. Xanax is wonderful when you find the right dose. Too much and I became a zombie. 0.25 MG was my perfect dose. It brought me down from panic and allowed me to take a step back and deal with my problems rationally.
163	10.0	It makes any impossible situation more possible, it controls violence rage temper anger towards others. Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, panic attacks and keeps you calm.  The best!
164	9.0	I was in England when I started getting feeling of depersonalization, forehead pressure, fear, negative thoughts and irritation etc. I came back to my country and consulted a doctor. He diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder. What he prescribed me may have worked but honestly speaking I did not give fair chance to the prescribed medicine.  He did not prescribe me Xanax but I managed to get it from somewhere myself as I had read about its effectiveness against anxiety. It worked perfectly for me. I killed my anxiety with it. It normalizes me and keeps me going ahead in life. I give 9/10. 
165	9.0	I thought this medicine might help with the onset of an atrial fibrillation attack and it does!  Not a guarantee but very often helps  especially at night when I feel something coming on...it allows me to fall into a deeper sleep which at times kicks the onset.  Also very useful for anxiousness, as documented.  I do not take it daily, only when needed.
166	9.0	I get intense panic attacks. Xanax is very effective at working quickly to stop a panic attack. It saved my life, until after a few months I tried to stop taking it and got horrible withdrawals. I felt like I was dying, my anxiety was worse than it had ever been in my life, high blood pressure (and mine is naturally low), tachycardia, hallucinations, tremors. I hope anyone considering taking Xanax takes it at a low dose and not daily. If daily, do not quit cold turkey. 
167	10.0	First time taking Xanax today and I feel great! The doctor prescribed me 0.5mg every 6 hours but I took a 0.25 and it helped tremendously! I am calm and able to function. All those anxious and negative thoughts just slip away.
168	9.0	This medication has helped me live a normal life well more normal. I don't worry much about nothing and I can go into Walmart and feel comfortable. My social life is improving as well. There were times I couldn't get myself to interact with people sometimes I wouldn't even answer the phone. I've only been on this medicine for a little over a month it has truly been a lifesaver. I am sleeping like a baby I can't remember the last time I've struggled to calm down and go to sleep only to wake up several times a night using the bathroom or just couldn't relax. My quality of life is getting much better.
169	10.0	I have experienced anxiety since being diagnosed with Cancer 4 years ago. I use 0.5 MG's twice daily and stick to this dosage given to me by my doctor. It helps me tremendously. I have tried to step off it several times and found it very difficult. Will remain on it for as long as I need it. It improves my life quality and keeps panic and anxiety at bay.
170	10.0	"Yeah, it works.

Some people are more sensitive than others. Generally, you take a pill (depends on dosage) and you just start feeling your tight chest and stomach release, and I notice I begin breathing more calmly and normally. Just feels good all over, which is such a contrast from the horrors of anxiety.

It can make you a little sleepy. I think for 'normal people' it would make them very sleepy. For 'anxious' people, I think it makes you normal and relaxed.

The one problem is that if you take it too much, like three days in a row, the effect is reduced and you have to 'up' the dosage. I think it works best for occasional use, like before a difficult situation or when you're just having a lot of anxiety and need calm."
171	10.0	Extremely helpful!
172	9.0	This works effectively for anxiety as well as sleeping problems. It doesn't impair my cognitive abilities. It is not addictive to me, however the only problem is getting off Xanax and the backlash effect it creates. I have successfully used Tranxene to bridge this gap and taper off safely. I rate it a 9 1/2; it has been a true miracle when I needed it most!
173	10.0	I was very uneasy always sad, lost how to be happy, jumpy at the slightest things and panic and from the second or third pill began to feel a difference. I felt like I could have fun again or really smile at least. It is like my brain needed a little help adjusting to difficult situations.
174	8.0	I should start by letting you know that I was an addict of medicines (and having been through treatment, now enjoy 2 years and 9 months of sobriety) but I am also a sufferer of a wretched case of anxiety complete with full blown crippling panic attacks.  Which I have suffered from for many years, but upon completing treatment for my recreational use and now being honest with doctors it was very difficult for that reason to get one to prescribe something that would help my condition.  When I found one that would I would have to have my wife allocate the Xanax out to me but I will say it has helped and worked wonders.  IN MODERATION!!
175	9.0	Works almost immediately. Gets rid of chest tightness, anger, emotional rollercoaster. Just doesn't last a full 8 hours.
176	10.0	"I have to start by saying that I'm fearful of medications for starters, secondly I have dealt with anxiety, panic attacks and agoraphobia for many years now! I'm not housebound but do have a small neighborhood radius of ""comfort"". I have in the past felt shamed of my condition as I thought I was unique and alone and somewhat embarrassed to try to explain my irrational feelings and thoughts, which I have learned since that they are entirely ""made up"" and thoughts lead to feelings that lead to behaviors all of which can be undone with the help of medicine, therapy, relaxation techniques, journaling, diet, exercise and not being afraid to open up about your anxiety. You are NOT alone! Learn to RELAX it WORKS."
177	10.0	"I've been on a variety of different benzodiazipines for about 16 years now for anxiety, Agorphobia and even insomnia and I have to say Xanax is by far the most effective. I've been on Valium, Klonopin, Ativan and even SSRI'S and none helped me the way Xanax did. Ativan did absolutely nothing, Valium was ""decent""(I'd give it a 5) because of its long acting qualities and Klonopin made me tired all the time. Only with Xanax can I lead a normal, productive life. Without that medicine I would not be able to hang out with friends, go to the grocery store, go to the mailbox, associate with my family ...these are all triggers of my anxiety. Even answering the phone! I've taken 2mgs two times daily now for the past 7 years and it works great!"
178	10.0	I have always struggled with worry, stress, and anxiety and recently have gone through some really difficult situation. My doctor diagnosed me with panic attacks and prescribed me a low dose of Xanax to take when needed. I take half a pill because I am afraid of developing a habit and hate relying on medications. This really does work and helps me a lot. I have only needed it a few times.
179	9.0	I have anxiety for a long time, taking Zoloft for it since 99 not sure how much it helps, but when I get really bad I take Xanax .25mg, it does help quickly. My only thing on Xanax, I wished that it wouldn't be habit forming and because of that, you may need to make dosage higher and higher after .25mg. Also recommend checking for interactions with Xanax if you are taking any other medicines.
180	9.0	"I asked my doctor if he could give me something as I had been under stress and anxiety for some time.  I take 0.5 mg of Xanax twice a day.  I take it about 1/2 hour before I go to bed so I can relax and sleep.

Not sure if the Xanax is causing some weight gain or not."
181	10.0	As far back as I can remember, kindergarten I think. I've suffered from major anxiety issues. I can remember throwing up in the trash can by the entrance to Jr. High School, and through High School even. I could then, and can now make my hands sweat just by thinking about it. When I finally got on Xanax, I was far more outgoing, funny, and learned there was a whole side to me I didn't really know existed due to Anxiety. My point is.......don't wait! Talk to some one who can help you with Anxiety if you have it. And BE HONEST! Tell them how hard it is for you!!
182	10.0	I started taking Xanax in 2007- my daily dose was up to 4mg daily as needed. I finally felt that I had my life back. In 2013 we moved to AZ and the 1st Dr I saw here discontinued it, cold turkey. A few others were drastically cut back and stopped without any warning. I must say it has been difficult.
183	9.0	Xanax was a Godsend in the short term. Nearly immediate peace from all anxiety and panic symptoms. The longer I took it though, the more problematic it became. Constantly increasing dose for effectiveness, switching formulations. Finally addiction, dependence - didn't matter if it was called this or that. Discontinuing Xanax was painful. Like weeks long, restless, climbing the walls, no sleep. I'd still call it useful in a low dose, well supervised situation. 
184	9.0	I take Xanax very rarely with Lexapro as my primary anxiety med. Xanax works perfectly to knock out secondary panic and anxiety symptoms, the best as needed anxiety med on the market. I don't recommend it as your primary anxiety med though, too addictive.
185	10.0	Out of all the benzodiazepines I think that Xanax (alprazolam) is the best for me, acts quick &amp; does what it says, just be careful &amp; if you are going to ask your Dr. For them I recommend maybe starting out a smaller dose and work up from there. If that doesn't work, the reason is, after a bit you get a little immune to strength &amp; can bump up in dosage if this happens, unless you have a high tolerance, then maybe start at 1 mg, that way you can still move up if that doesn't work, but I recommend starting small &amp; moving up in dosage if needed.
186	10.0	I started out on Valium 5 mg 4 times a day when I was 22 due to petit-mal seizures. The doctors said my anxiety was causing my blood pressure to go out the roof. At age 29 had a heart attack due to anxiety making my BP so high I was in V fib. Now at age 38 I'm taking Xanax 2 mg 3 times a day. For me all the antidepressants cause some kind of stimulation hat makes my anxiety worsen so I stopped the SSRI's. It is working for now but I fear what happens when this doesn't work anymore what am I going to do. So tired of having anxiety and panic disorder. I don't think too many doctors understand what a profound problem this causes in ones life. So really express how you really feel to your Doc.
187	8.0	I have severe anxiety including social anxiety that confines me to my apartment 95% of the time. I also suffer from trichotillomania where my anxiety is so bad I pull my hair out. Have had this for 20 years and all the shrinks could not help me. I am 32 years old and just recently have been put on Xanax 0.5mg 3 times daily as needed. Well the first week I slept and slept, which is good because I wasn't sleeping before. I also have bipolar disorder and severe depression. Pristiq helps a little but I am allergic to everything else. Xanax slows down my racing thoughts so I can think clearer and make decisions easier and is helping with the hair pulling but am still desperately searching for help with that and have not found it.
188	10.0	I have had a very emotional ups and downs in life and after getting married 15 years ago my life became more hectic. 10 years ago when I lost my cousin; I had panic attacks and I became hypochondriac. I took Anxit(Xanax) 0.25 to 0.5 mg twice a day. I stopped all of a sudden after an year and did not notice withdrawal symptoms as depression was somewhat like part of life dealing with people. Now recently, I started having very bad panic attacks and I almost stopped going out alone as I was scared to go out alone and my panic was of heart attacks and death by sudden reasons etc; for the past week I again started taking Anxit 0.25mg once in morning and night. I am fine and happy for the past week and I want to continue same dose.
189	10.0	Best medicine I ever been put on. Started off with two 0.05mg a day then to five 0.5 a day, and I'm Down to Three 1.0 MG a day and it's starting to not work as good. So I need to talk to my doctor and up the dose to at least 4 or 5 MG for my really bad anxiety and depression!
190	10.0	If taken as directed, this though short lasting medication, is a very effective treatment for the prevention and release from panic and anxiety attacks.
191	10.0	I have a very stressful life. After my mother passing in 2005, I started having major anxiety. It truly was debilitating my entire life. My Dr put me on 0.05 mg twice a day to help. It was the BEST thing I ever did. I have been on them for 8 yrs now's. I'm 32 and a mother of 4. There are days when I really feel the anxiety peek and I take one. Its the only thing that will work within 15-20 mins. It really has helped me tremendously. I can take my meds as prescribed and still am able to take care of home, kids and work feeling normal. I would suggest this for anyone how has anxiety or panic attacks or tons of stress.
192	10.0	I'VE taken Xanax prescribed by my Dr for almost 2 yrs and I think its great for nerves, anxiety and good sleep. I take it at night and sleep sound all night and in the morning get up refreshed. I'm an insomniac so the help sleeping is amazing. I give it a 10, just stick with the dose the Dr. prescribes.
193	10.0	If I don't take it my skin feels like something is biting me and I itch all over I get very agitated and I can't sleep or sit still or focus my attention for a normal amount of time
194	10.0	I've been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks for quite some time now and in the past year it's been happening more. Xanax helps, I've been prescribed this because it does help when the anxiety levels get very high and panic attacks and it also helps me to get some sleep at night as it helps reduce the level of anxiety.  Every person is different.
195	9.0	Saved my Job..I'm a truck driver so I spend a lot of time in a truck and it gets really depressing being away from the family for weeks at a time but Xanax helps me cope with the situation and this is the only medicine I've found that wont make me tired and drowsy, unlike Zoloft that made me so tired I had to take two days off work. Xanax helps me relax and gives me focus so I can deal with my work situation.
196	10.0	I feel like I'm not a mean and hated person wile being on Xanax. I have been suffering really bad lately with panic attacks and I can't breath and my cheat falls like to explode. My doc put me on 0.5mg to take 1 a day but sometimes I have to take more than 1 a day but it works wonders. I can be a better mom and wife with it.
197	10.0	I'm prescribed 1mg of Xanax as needed. If I ever feel very anxious and take Xanax, my anxiety level tunes down to a 1. I'm almost too relaxed. However, Xanax can be very habit forming, so only take your dose.
198	10.0	Xanax is amazing! In 2010 I was overwhelmed with emotions. My mother had a stroke in March of that year and at the same time me and my wife were expecting our 1st child. All these emotions led to me having depression and anxiety I was finally diagnosed in 2012 with anxiety disorder/panic attacks. They prescribed me Xanax 0.5mg one a day and it works miracles in my daily life.
199	10.0	I've been on Xanax for 20 years for anxiety. I have tried just about everything they have come out with and this is all that works.
200	9.0	I take it as needed.
201	10.0	"I had severe anxiety, agoraphobia. I am on Xanax for about 3-4 month started with 0.25mg morning and 0.25mg at night and now on 0.50mg two times a day and feel great. No panic and my life is much easy. The world is more familiar and I can go anywhere. It's like I have wings now. I will try to leave the medication in future but for now I accept my situation because I like the feeling of living.

As an anxious I was afraid of death same as I was afraid of life. Now, I LIVE."
202	10.0	I am a teenager who has anxiety/panic attacks occasionally, and my physcisian has been giving me 0.5mg of Xanax for the past couple months to take as needed for anxiety. I can't tell you how wonderful this medication has been. After 15-20 min of taking it my anxiety/panic feelings diminish completely, and I have no need to feel anxious about anything after that. 
203	10.0	Xanax has saved my life. I've been on them for almost four years. I am depressed, have panic attacks, and severe anxiety. Xanax has made me feel normal. I can now be in public unlike before it would make me nervous. I can deal with working and school without having severe anxiety. Racing thoughts and worrying constantly are no more, Xanax rakes that away. I'm not as panicky,  just relaxed and can handle issues, stress, everyday life better. I highly recommended Xanax if you have anxiety or panic attacks.  I'm on 2mg twice a day.  I take one as soon as I wake up, one in the evening, then my sleeping medication are night. I love Xanax for helping me. 
204	7.0	After my divorce I was depressed and having anxiety attacks, I went to a respectable Doctor but she prescribed me Wellbutrin, after taking it for awhile I felt numb (mentally). I tried a 1mg Xanax and it was perfect! I slept great, but when I first started taking them I would wake up groggy. I would get a shower and that would wake me up. I've been taking them for about 7 years. I am currently cutting my doses down to try to ween off them! I do not have an addictive personality but after a job loss of 10 yrs I tried to quit cold turkey! Not a good idea at all! I can only say use as prescribed and less if possible! Don't just pop one because you are stressed out! Take a walk, talk to a friend, please use with caution.
205	10.0	I am about to turn 50 and my life of anxiety has been a recent and unpleasant downward spiral. I ended up in the emergency room twice with soaring blood pressure, flushing and heart palpitations plus overwhelming feelings of panic. I live daily with either anxiety or small panic attacks, they are debilitating and have affected my ability to continue work on my degree. After my last ER visit a doc felt I was having panic attacks and directed me to seek help at a Mental Health Clinic. I've tried several anti-depressants and I have not tolerated them well. Xanax (0.5 mg) has gotten me through many a day and night and I prefer this medication over all the others. It decreases the anxiety very quickly and helps to maintain a sense of normality.
206	10.0	Relaxed and calm
207	10.0	Xanax has been a life saver! Just recently had a heart attack and had my 4th stent put in. Was still having chest pains which obviously scare me when I have them. The tricky part is separating the chest pains from anxiety which I have been diagnosed with. What a vicious cycle!
208	10.0	I was 19 years old when my family doctor prescribed me Xanax 0.25mg. for my stress and anxiety from work and life at the time. I'm 43 now I only take it when I'm under a lot of stress or when my anxiety level goes up in any situation in my life. At the same time when I'm stressed out I go walking and running because it helps too. I wouldn't know what I would do if I didn't have Xanax to help me.
209	10.0	If you want absolutely zero anxiety then Xanax/alprazolam are very helpful.
210	9.0	4 years ago I had my first panic attack/anxiety. Had hyperventilation and end up in the ER. My doctor prescribed 0.025mg of Xanax. I took the medicine as required. I wasn't able to drive and do anything out by myself. I was afraid and worried of being alone. I always fear that it would happen again. My thoughts are always what if...Anxiety was taking over my life. I was able to control it for 2 years. Just this month I recently panicked for no reason. My dr. put me on this just in case I have a full blown anxiety...but the downside to this medicine is it makes me really sleepy and tired. But it does works!
211	10.0	I have taken Xanax on and off for 18 years and I would say it has been a lifesaver for me. I have episodes of anxiety, nothing earth shattering, but debilitating non-the-less. Xanax has helped smooth those times over and make life manageable. This is a wonderful medicine!
212	10.0	"I'm 23 about to be 24 , and I've taken Xanax for going on 9 years.  For my panic attacks/anxiety mainly.  I absolutely love this medicine.   I find myself ""extra friendly"" sometimes, but better than being a grouch or hiding from my own shadow. I take anywhere from 1mg to 1 1/2mg per day."
213	10.0	I suffer from anxiety/ panic attacks as well as live a somewhat stressful life style. Xanax has been my life saver and has been a tremendous aide in allowing me to continue  to function in life on a daily basis. Truly a blessing in my life 100%.
214	10.0	Xanax helps me cope with life. I live a pore life it gives me the nerve to do things I wouldn't do.
215	10.0	"I thank Xanax for making me a better mom. I was mean to everyone around me and I took the motto ""this is who I am"" to heart. It was not until my mother died after having my third child that I actually realized my angry childhood and anger in this world was not to blame on any one but my own feelings. After taking Xanax and some therapy, I am a new person. I would not be able to live without it. I do not abuse it. I only take the amount prescribed by my doctor and no more. I also take Paxil which helped me a lot as well, but without the Xanax, I would not be living. Participating with my life and most of all my children. I read to them now we go on picnics and wilderness hikes. I love my life, now!"
216	10.0	Good.
217	8.0	A God send for my untreatable insomnia. Only side effect that prevents me from taking it more often is the testosterone suppressing effect. I spend a lot of time working out and eating right and noticed my strength and body composition, took a very noticeable nose dive a few months after starting on it. I have used 1-2 mg nightly for almost a year. On the plus side, it has helped me get the deep restorative sleep I struggle to get.
218	10.0	This medicine has saved my life in my own opinion. I suffered from severe panic attacks and thought that I was going crazy prior to being diagnosed with my conditions. Now I feel like I can lead a normal life. I am able to work a full time job that is extremely stressful at times and not worry about going into a panic attack. I no longer have trouble losing my breath when I do get upset and this medicine has made a tremedious difference in my every day life.
219	10.0	Unbelieveable. I thought I was living a normal life, until my doctor prescribed it for me the first time. It has been a miracle for me.
220	8.0	Wonderful to control anxiety, as well as panic disorder.
221	10.0	Happy and free of anxiety.
222	10.0	I've been tormented by anxiety since childhood. I am 24 years old and have been through a lot in my life. I've been diagnosed with depression, bipolar disorder and anxiety, panic attacks, ADD. I've been medicated most my life as well. My anxiety got so bad in high school that I had to be home schooled. I wake up in the morning feeling like my heart will explode for no apparent reason. I get intense irrational fear and intense impulses to harm myself because I just can't take it and get frustrated I start throwing and breaking things I can't stand to be alone a lot of the time. Xanax works fast and calms me down without knocking me out. Depending on the severity of my attacks I take up to 2 mg. No less than 0.5-1mg.
223	8.0	Xanax has been a great thing for me. I was very scared to take it in the beginning because I had no idea how I was going to feel but it really calmed me down after two weeks of thinking I was going crazy or dying. I had never experienced anything like this before but I had to get a blood transfusion for my anemia and all hell broke through. My doctor gave me 0.025 and I only take 1/4 of that I Break it in 4's I don't want to go to sleep just take the edge off so my advice to anyone that has to take this even if you have a higher dose just take 1/4 of it until you see how it will respond to your body I hope I could be a help to someone.
224	10.0	This is an ABSOULUTE LIFE SAVER if you have bad anxiety or having a panic attack. Would be lost without it
225	10.0	Very effective medication, not quite as long lasting as similar ones, but very effective.
226	9.0	"Brilliant, the only thing that helps my anxiety and panic attacks.
"
227	10.0	Good
228	7.0	Does what it's supposed to do, but don't stop taking it cold turkey. You definitely need to ween yourself off if you've been taking it for awhile.
229	9.0	I am a 33 year old mother of 4 and suffered from depression and very bad anxiety for 5 years. Been in hospital 11 times, the longest 6 months. They filled me with all sorts of medicines at some points. I was so out of it but then a new doctor I met gave me Xanax along with some other antidepressants and I am doing fine and living a normal life. I think these are great.
230	9.0	I have had tremendous benefits from just 0.25mg taken as needed.  I previously had lived with anxiety and panic (from social situations, particularly work meetings, eating out at restaurants, etc) for about 9 months before working up the courage to see my doctor.  I started developing avoidance tendencies, and decided that I was tired of letting anxiety run my life.  I am careful to take it only as needed, and would highly recommend for those with occasional severe anxiety or panic.  I've been exercising more and focusing hard on positive thinking, and that combination with the occasional Xanax has been tremendous. Remember, you have an awesome life to live!
231	9.0	I used to work for a bank and I was being helped by one of my colleagues on opening an account for a customer. I was making many mistakes, I began to panic and I was sweating profusely. The customers wouldn't make much conversation with me because they felt they we're making me nervous. I had to excuse myself to take a breather in the break room! Xanax has helped me become more relaxed and socially open with strangers. I feel like my job interviews are going to be pleasant now! The only side effect I experience is tiredness after the medicine wears out, but that only lasted for about 1 hour for me.
232	10.0	When the world is closing in on me I take a Xanax and suddenly I'm able to function again. I can learn and adapt and I feel like I can capture and retain information better. Without it any new information is lost on me and my learning process is inhibited. The little stuff is not a problem anymore and I can focus on accomplishing anything I need to. I didn't start having anxiety attacks until after college. I did really well and all of a sudden I felt like in the real world I could not meet the expectations because of how well I did in school. Everything became too much. Debt, learning a new job, reading (which is my favorite thing to do), being with family and friends. I hit a wall. Even with anti-depressants I could not function.
233	8.0	Xanax is great. It gets rid of anxiety but makes me drowsy.
234	7.0	It helps me from having severe anxiety attacks, I do go through normal emotions, so I only take them when I get too overwhelmed and I am going to have an anxiety attack. They are very helpful.
235	10.0	Very good. A little drowsiness after panic subsides, though I'm not sure if this is due to a physiological response to subsiding high levels of hormones associated with fight/flight response (e.g., cortisol and adrenaline) involved in panic attacks.
236	10.0	Helps me a lot.
237	9.0	I've taken Xanax for years for occassional insomia. For the past year, I've been battling with high blood pressure along with some new health issues that popped up. For the last two weeks, my heart has been racing and my stomach has had butterflies.  I really felt like hiding under the covers and didn't know why. I kept wondering why am I SO afraid lying in bed watching TV?  I felt as though my heart was about to just rip itself out of my chest.  So I decided to take a Xanax during the day and it was like a miracle cure.  Hopefully, the panic attacks wont last forever, but thank God, I had something to help.
238	10.0	Just great. I do not use the prescribed amount (0.5mg every 8 hours or every 4 hours as needed). I have not used for a week now but just took 1/2 pill and 25 minutes later I feel good.
239	9.0	"I am so thankful for this medication! It has saved me countless trips to the ER due to severe, gripping panic attacks. It took about 8 years of anxiety, useless ""trying"" of several SSRI's, and DOZENS of trips to the hospital hyperventilating, shaking, screaming with my pulse approaching 200 before a smart doctor finally prescribed Me Xanax. 
I take the medication on an as-needed basis, and sparingly.
I take 0.25mg (half pill) to prevent anxiety attacks when anticipating an panic-inducing situation. I take 0.50mg at the first signs an attack is starting. The quickest, most effective route is to lightly crush the pill with your teeth and let it dissolve beneath your tongue. 
My experience with Xanax is pretty much identical to that of Ativan."
240	9.0	It kicks in fast when you get that real bad feeling but I'm tired of taking pills everyday and it happenes everyday a few times a day, bad body aches breathing chest pains. I don't even worry about anything and boom it creeps up on me fast. 
241	10.0	Xanax has been a life saver. I have always had problems feeling a little anxious.  But once I was diagnosed as having a brain tumor at 26, it only made things worse.  My doctor prescribed Lexapro, which worked okay, but I didn't like the way it made me feel, so I stopped taking them on my own.  One particular night about 3 weeks ago, I got so upset that I thought I was having a heart attack.  I was dizzy, chest hurting and pounding, weakness. Nobody could find anything medically wrong with me.  I asked the doctor for something for anxiety to which he prescribed Xanax 0.25mg every 6 hours and within the 30 minutes of taking it, all my symptoms had diminished.  Xanax really saved my life.
242	9.0	I suffer from panic attacks that occur after I go to sleep.  I wake up about an hour or so after I fall asleep (I don't have trouble falling asleep) freaking out.  My heart is racing, I am terrified and I feel like I will go crazy before it stops.  They are so scary because no matter how many times I have suffered through them, I am always sure I am dying when I have one.  Previously I was given other medications like Buspar or Paxil, but I didn't tolerate them very well and they did not stop the attacks - only slowed them down.  Once I was prescribed Xanax I noticed that the medication would actually stop a panic attack in its tracks, which was a miracle.  The medication has almost completely stopped the attacks - but not 100 %.
243	10.0	Xanax is a miracle. Just recently prescribed Xanax and Lexapro at age 33 for generalized anxiety disorder and I can honestly say that I am back to my old self. I have only had 2 panic attacks in the last 6 months. I can sleep all night without waking up, I am much more laid back, I am calm and not worrying all the time. I would definitely talk to your MD about both of these medicines if you truly have an Anxiety disorder.  Both have been a life saver for me and my family.
244	10.0	"I have taken Xanax for 24 years and it has been a life-saver for me!  When my psychiatrist prescribed it for me, 24 years ago, I was just about at the end of my rope.  I was crying all the time, was hyperventilating, had bouts of my heart fluttering and many other typical ""anxiety-related"" symptoms. I was at the point that I was afraid I was dying or going crazy. Over the years, my dosage has been adjusted to work with my life at the time, but I have always taken it exactly as prescribed and have never wanted or needed more than was prescribed.  As a matter of fact, I am currently taking 0.5 mg two times per day, but can take as much as 1 mg five times per day."
245	9.0	Works great for short notices. If you find yourself in a anxiety situation or short notice to do some public speaking then Xanax is great for those situations.  When I take them I only take half the pill and that dose is fine for me. It kicks in about 20-30 minutes and lasts a good couple of hours at the most. Its similar to Klonopin but works faster. I recommend it for as needed use only. If its an all day thing then Klonopin is better. Just my experience with it. Others may vary.
246	10.0	As soon as I started taking Xanax I started to feel much better. I have had anxiety and panic attacks for years and Xanax has really helped me. I have had zero side effect from taking it. So far going well.
247	10.0	"I suffer from generalized anxiety disorder, so Xanax has served as my ""safety net"" in times of distress. When taken as prescribed, those of us who need it simply feel like life is bearable again. Those nagging irrational thought patterns and worries are silenced.

However, Xanax is not a medicine to be taken lightly (hence the bad reputation it's received). It's short half-life causes cravings to re-dose (vs Klonopin, which never gives me those feelings). Use in moderation, and make an effort to see a cognitive-behavioral therapist if you haven't done so."
248	10.0	I was in a car accident a few years ago. After that I had a panic attack when I would have to ride in a car. My doctor prescribed me 1 mg whenever I had to ride and it helped great. Now my doctor relocated and no other doctors will prescribe it. It causes problems between me and my wife.
249	10.0	Xanax is wonderful for anxiety and panic attacks. I can thank this medication for making me a normal person. For being able to walk anywhere where there are people and feel absolutely no anxiety whatsoever. It's given me my life back. 
250	9.0	I have lived with anxiety for five years and it has been a living nightmare. I struggle with trying to relax and calm after a long days' work. I am a mother, full-time employee and a recent college graduate (full-time, too). I have lived so long being stretched and now that I don't need to stretch that far, I have issues with trying to relax and take it easy. I am on Celexa and had to add Xanax to my regimen a year ago after having my first panic attack. I take 0.25mg as needed and sometimes before bed to help me sleep. Xanax has helped me calm my nerves and relax. Usually within the first half hour, I feel like I can chill out. It takes away the physical effects (shakiness and fast heart beat) and cools the mind and thought process.
251	10.0	They work so good for me. I don't know what I would do without it. 
252	8.0	I have been taking Xanax off and on for about 3 years now. It is great for anxiety. I spent thousands of dollars going to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack before it was brought to my attention that it was actually anxiety. I take 0.5mg as needed now. I noticed that when I stopped taking it that I could not sleep for days and I became shaky at times, and the anxiety returns immediately. The other thing that I notice is that after a while you become immune to the dosage. If you only take it with the onset of an anxiety or panic attack it shouldn't be a problem.
253	8.0	Xanax saved me from the brink. I suffer from panic disorder and anxiety and Xanax has been the only thing that works. The only thing: respect it. Don't drink alcohol on it or you will become highly intoxicated, and possibly get sleep apnea. Respect this drug and it will serve you well. 
254	10.0	I was prescribed Xanax by my psychiatrist because of severe anxiety.  I was started on 1 mg to be taken at night. It has been the best medication prescribed for my condition as it also helped slow down the suicidal thoughts which were on a daily basis.  I am still taking Xanax under GP supervision, as it helps relieve the level of anxiety tremendously.  It is the best medication ever made for people who are born prone to anxiety throughout their childhood/adolescence and extreme shyness, yes shyness.  I also take it in conjunction with antidepressant, Aropax, which helped with my depression but also with my unfortunate disability of extreme shyness which was a constant problem for me as an adult basically all my life.
255	10.0	Absolutely the best medication for anxiety. I have taken this medicine on and off for over twenty years and it has literally saved my life.  I too wish that people would stop abusing this medicine and that doctors would not fear prescribing it when necessary. It's been prescribed to me with antidepressants of different kinds and allowed me to live a normal life for the most part.
256	10.0	I've had anxiety issues my entire life. I honestly thought I was weird because I could not handle all the stress from my job and personal life. I don't have children, so again, I thought I had some severe mental issues! I tried Klonopin, WSellbutrin and Lexapro. All made me feel and act like a zombie. I am on Xanax 1mg 3x a day. Doing great, changed jobs now making more money without as much stress, happily married, and about to start law school. All good for now.
257	10.0	Changed my life completely, I can actually function in social settings.
258	10.0	I have had depression since I was a teenager. I have tried pretty much anything you could think of. Nothing has helped me like Xanax. The problem is that doctors don't like to prescribe this medicine. I feel so lost without it and I would only take it when I really needed it. Only 2 or 3 times a week. 
259	10.0	I feel like Xanax saved me. I had a very rough childhood with my father addicted to drugs, lost our house, had to raise my sisters because my mom had to get a full time job. I was going down a very bumpy road. I finally settled down with my now soon to be husband, and with the persuasion of him and my father (now sober, and also has anxiety) At age 18 I finally broke down and decided to go talk to a doctor. He prescribed me to multiple anti-depressants that made everything worse. He then put me on Xanax, I've never been so stress free. I have held down the same job, I'm doing well in school and again, and maintained a healthy relationship. I'm a changed person at 21 years old.
260	10.0	Xanax is a miracle and cures my anxiety while I use it. I highly recommend it!
261	10.0	I have very severe generalized anxiety which sometimes manifests as the inability to leave my home (or sometimes, my room). I have other psychological issues as well and Xanax can reduce a manic or psychotic episode into almost nothing. I have been thinking of asking for extended release tablets. When I feel a serious panic attack coming on it is awesome to have something that stops the attack, and doesn't leave me too 'dopey' feeling to go back to work or whatever I was doing. Thanks Xanax.
262	10.0	I suffer from anxiety and was prescribed Cymbalta and Xanax. While they both worked, I didn't like the way Cymbalta made me feel and I had some of the more alarming side-effects, so I've switched over to just taking Xanax as needed and going to a psychotherapist, and I feel much much more in control of my anxiety. I only take 0.25mg as needed (when I feel my anxiety building) and find it to be perfect, I can calm myself down more quickly and still focus and work productively.
263	10.0	Xanax is something that I was afraid to take, given the fact that people with anxiety and panic attacks are usually scared of what the medicine is going to do.  I finally gave in and started taking my Xanax on a day when I needed to go to the Doctor which terrifies me.  I took the lowest dose, 0.25 mg and I am so thankful that I did.  No panic whatsoever at the Doctors office.  I so look forward to knowing that I will have something to take to help me get through panic situations that I have been avoiding for years.
264	9.0	I've never taken Xanax before up until now. I've tried Effexor, Viibryd, Wellbutrin, etc. but none of those worked at all and I could not handle the side effects. Xanax has given me my life back. My panic attacks have finally reduced, but more importantly I can continue to function in my normal everyday life. Most other medicines have me sitting on the couch in the evenings doing absolutely nothing as nothing seemed to matter. With Xanax, I can effectively handle my overwhelming daily task list!
265	9.0	This medication has been a God send for my chronic battle with anxiety and depression. A much safer alternative and also a much less expensive medicine than most barbituates, Xanax works very well on me and several of my fellow patients who suffer from anxiety.
266	10.0	Amazing medicine
267	10.0	I have suffered from anxiety for years and tried to combat it without medicines.  I finally gave in and went to the doctor and was given Xanax.  This medicine has tremendously helped my anxiety. I take 0.50 mg as needed (about once a week). It begins working within 10 minutes and doesn't wear-off until 4-5 hours later, which is perfect for me.  It can make me a little drowsy, but not to the point where I feel like I'm going to fall asleep while I'm in public.  I have never been addicted to this medicine, as I've been very careful to ONLY take it when I really need it.
268	8.0	Too make a long story short, a little over 2 weeks ago after an MRI, we were told our daughter had a birth defect called Chiari which required brain surgery, which is scheduled for September 9, 2011.  My anxiety was so bad I couldn't function normally and couldn't stop crying, couldn't sleep, had chest pains and my head was so lightheaded I thought I would pass out. Xanax stopped all of it. I only rate it an 8, not because of how it works, but because of me. I still can't control my anxiety without help from Xanax. Now I can sleep, breath and only cry once a day if at all. I'm seeing a shrink and feeling stronger so maybe soon I will be in control of myself again and handle my families life again as a strong mom and woman.
269	10.0	I've been on Alprazolam (Xanax) for over five years now.  I take 2mg four times a day.  Xanax is the only medication, when taken as prescribed, that allows me to manage my anxiety and panic disorder.  I have my Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD), My Severe Panic Disorder, My Antisocial tendencies, My Social Anxiety, My insecurity's and even my Agoraphobia all to a tolerable level. Xanax has greatly improved the quality of my life. If you can't find anything else that works, ask your doctor about Alprazolam.
270	10.0	This medicine is great. No side effects. Calms me down. Helps with the racing thoughts at night and to relax and get to sleep. I also had panic attacks, now with Xanax they are gone. I only take 0.5mg at night and as needed when nervous or with social anxiety if I go out. It works wonders. It is sad that many doctors do not want to prescribe it because of stigma of abuse and it really would help many people with anxiety disorders.
271	10.0	I have emphysema related anxiety and Xanax is the only thing that helps me. It does not get rid of the anxiety attacks but is strong enough to manage getting my anxiety attack under control. The quality of my life is unbearable without this medication.
272	10.0	Xanax for panic attacks saved my life. I had developed agoraphobia after 9 months or so of severe panic. I was prescribed Xanax for occasional use by a very smart doctor and just knowing I had them to rely on if I needed them was enough to end the cycle of panic. If you panic, they work quickly to end the attack. I know that people have trouble with withdrawal if they're used for too long. I did my best to breathe through the attacks and fend them off myself, but when I couldn't Xanax was a savior.
273	10.0	Calms my anxiety better then anything else. When I have anxiety attacks and take one or two Xanax I actually feel normal again and a lot more outgoing and I'm not so shy or afraid to meet and talk to new people that I may meet.
274	8.0	Effectively and rapidly eliminates symptoms of my anxiety.  Also works well in calming my thoughts down.  Only downside of this medication that I can conjure up is a propensity to make me lethargic...but this is only a significant problem if I'm not engaged in some sort of physical or mental diversion.
275	10.0	I have two small children and it can be a lot to deal with on a daily basis. My doctor prescribed 1mg twice a day and it has helped tremendously with taking care of my daily activities and not being so stressed out all the time. I would say to anybody with a problem with stress or raising small kids it definitely helps make things a lot more bearable.
276	10.0	It's sad. Ever since I was a child I've had anxiety problems and it only seems to get worse with age. I've used Xanax for years to help control it, when it feels like I'm going to have a heart attack (racing heart) or I start shaking so bad I can't even think straight. Xanax worked wonders for me. Now my MD. wants to stop it. I'm on Cymbalta and unfortunately, I find it a very poor substitute. As I find it doesn't do 'The Great Job Xanax Did'. 
277	10.0	I have been on Xanax for a few years for anxiety and panic attacks and have found Xanax to be very helpful and not as addictive as many other medications.
278	8.0	Xanax (Alprazolam) is a good drug for anxiety and panic disorder, is wonderful while you're taking it. But I know to leave this medicine is so painful and has many unpleasant effects on the withdrawal. It works great for me.
279	6.0	I started taking Xanax at age 20 and it was a great medicine. I had such bad panic attacks and just constant anxiety 24/7.  I started out on a low dose and within 15 mins I felt calm and fine. I got from the place of not being able to walk outside or answer the phone to being able to get married, have a job, go on vacations. Anything I wanted to do. I WAS NORMAL.  But now I'm 36 and on the highest dose 4 mg a day and about 4 1/2 years ago my horrible anxiety came back even though I'm taking it.  I can't work, drive or really go anywhere anymore.  So I guess I'd say it works but then you may build up a tolerance and then it won't work. 
280	2.0	I was taking 4mg of Xanax almost daily for about a year. I tried to quit cold turkey by being off of them for about 4 days straight and when day 5 hit me I thought I was going to die. I couldn't sleep for the 4 days I didn't have it, constant pacing around the house, twitches like crazy and had to get some ASAP as I was out. It has been over a month now and I am slowly coming off of the Xanax. I am down to about 1mg every 2 days or so and I haven't had any additional medications. It can be done but you have to prepare yourself for it mentally and tell yourself you CAN do it. I have quit in the past and regret ever picking up the bottle again. 
281	10.0	Xanax is an excellent medicine for myself. It has prevented panic attacks and helped me through times of rough anxiety. Ativan never worked for me and Klonopin makes me drunk-like and put me in the hospital 3 times. The hospital finally said I have an allergy to Klonopin and could no longer take it. After going on Xanax, I felt so much better and relieved. I try not to take Xanax everyday, as it is not meant to be a long-term solution to anxiety and can be very addicting, so be very careful. I am on Paxil CR and Risperdal on top of Xanax for my anxiety, PTSD, panic disorder, and OCD.
282	10.0	Xanax has really helped me relax. I have severe anxiety, depression and PTSD. I take Seroquel XR and recently my doctor switched me from Xanax to Atarax. The Atarax did not work at all. I have suffered from anxiety for years and the only thing that has been effective is Xanax. I would recommend this to anyone who has moderate to severe anxiety. It does have a high addiction rate, so be extremely careful when taking this.
283	10.0	Excellent medicine for anxiety, depression and insomnia.
284	10.0	"I typically dislike and try to avoid taking medications whenever possible, but with a recent anxiety diagnosis, I was convinced to at least keep some of this on hand in case I need it.  I must say that I LOVE Xanax.  It really calms me down within about 20 minutes of taking it and helps me sleep almost irrespective of what is going on, but it doesn't leave a hangover effect the next morning.  I'm currently in the phase of trying to find a more ""regular"" medication to control my anxiety/OCD (currently trying venlafaxine), as the Xanax isn't meant to be a daily thing. In the meantime, I'm still using this when I feel I need it.  Ativan and Valium don't compare."
285	10.0	Starting on .25 dosage and has helped my anxiety enormously. Have to say that has also helped my depression as well. I got my 1st good noghts sleep in months. Helps with panic attacks as well. I think sleep depravation plays a major role in scattered thoughts and feeling of hopelessness. Once we start getting back to regular sleep patterns, we can all feel sane and less overwhelmed in our everyday lives! Good luck to all!
286	9.0	With the death of my mom in June 2009 I immediately started having nausea and vomiting, couldn't eat, couldn't concentrate. I thought I was dying myself.  Every time I tried to go to sleep I could feel my heart beating furiously through my chest.  I wanted to die myself. My Doctor finally prescribed Xanax after a horrible episode of just trying to drive home from his office. I had to stop about 20 times because I was crying so bad. He said I was suffering from PTSD. Without Xanax I do not think I would have been able to handle all the legal paperwork that I had to do, plus work. Now in 2010 we had to close our business and have lost my job. The whole episode has started up again. I hope the increased dose will help and I can continue my life.
287	10.0	I think that this is one of the best medicines out there. I take 2 mg four times a day and it just seems to keep me calm and make the world a better place. I used to stress out about the smallest things now, I just go with the flow.
288	9.0	I have chronic interstitial cystitis (not sure on spelling) also called painful bladder syndrome.  It is like a urinary tract infection times 10. I have to go to bathroom any where from every 30 minutes up to 2 times every 2 hours. So it can be a problem if I'm away from home. If I take my Xanax 0.5mg, I usually don't have to go to bathroom but once every 3 or 4 hrs and since it hurts so bad to urinate and plus I can get sleep at night with not having to go every hour. It has been such a relief.  I rate it a 9. My doctor has it written 1 or 2 every 8 hours as needed, but I try to only take it at night. I'm very cautious.
289	10.0	My anxiety is so much under control now.
290	9.0	About 15 yrs ago I started taking Xanax. 0.25mg morning and afternoon. It worked wonders. Then the doctors put me on Paxil. I weaned myself off the Xanax, it took about 4 months. But I always have it on hand for the tough times which seem in abundance lately.  It acts quickly and has been a life saver for me.
291	10.0	I was prescribed this medication in the hospital after suffering severe anxiety attacks. I was only given a couple to get me through until I see my doctor but I found out the doctors are unwilling to give you this medication. I have anxiety attacks everyday but this medication makes me stay calm so I don't suffer from these awful anxiety attacks. I feel relief and that I can go on.
292	10.0	I think it's a great medicine but I only take it as needed since its so fast acting. 
293	10.0	Works wonders and helps with my little social-phobia and it also helps for my depression (with Zoloft).
294	8.0	I've tried many other non-addictive medications and none of them helped my anxiety the way Xanax does. After several other medications, (and hesitation on my part) my doctor finally prescribed me Xanax 1 mg 2-3 times daily depending on my level of anxiety that day. I ended up breaking most of the pills in half and only taking 0.5 mg usually 3x a day, and find it relieves my anxiety without the level of sleepiness a whole mg gives me. I usually only take a whole pill if I feel a panic attack coming on. But, I'll take the mild drowsiness any day over the level of constant anxiety I had prior to starting the drug, and a couple cups of coffee usually does me good. I can definitely tell when a dose starts to wear off though, some withdrawal.
295	9.0	I recently realized I have had anxiety practically my whole life. Being thirty years old now, I really wish I had been prescribed this a long time ago. It has reduced my shaking and anxiety effects so much that I feel like a real person.  I never knew what it was like to feel calm until now.  I am very thankful for this medicine.
296	10.0	Was prescribed this by the VA after retiring from the military. Am new to it but it makes my life so much better! Have had HORRIBLE panic and anxiety attacks for years even before I knew what they were. Driving, meetings, interacting in groups, you name it. So far so good, it really helps!
297	10.0	Completely takes away my anxiety but distorts my memory a bit.
298	10.0	Excellent for anxiety, especially if you start with the minimum amount, 0.25 mg and only take more if needed. I say this because I was prescribed 0.5 mg 3x daily and don't need that much. Try to take the least amount and if that works don't take more since you can build up a slight tolerance over time. My only concern is will I ever be able to be off of medicine. I just wish there was a natural cure for anxiety. I hate being dependent on this.
299	10.0	These are the best for my anxiety.
300	10.0	My doctor prescribed medication for depression. I have tried three different kinds and had terrible side effects. I am taking Xanax occasionally when anxiety or panic occur and it works for me just great. Generic version alprazolam takes a little longer to kick in.
301	7.0	Having suffered panic attacks and anxiety and depression for several years now, always have my Xanax with me in case of any unexpected panic attacks. I take 90mg of Avanza each night in addition to 2mg of Xanax twice a day. Xanax for me has been the only drug that has quick and fast acting results. I don't like flying or heights or crowds and avoid shopping centers but with Xanax can at least function each day and at least leave the house. Good luck to everyone else out there suffering the same. Try Xanax it works for me. Cheers.
302	9.0	I have suffered with anxiety and panic attacks for years. It got so bad I would actually be driving, pull over to the side of the road and call 911 because I thought I was having a heart attack, it was really scary. I've been on Xanax for 10 years off and on. I take 0.5mg once a day when I start feeling anxious and my insides feel out of control. It does frighten me to think I could be addicted to this medication, but on the other hand if it relieves my symptoms than I guess I need to take Xanax as needed.
303	10.0	Less panic attacks and helps keep you relaxed and open minded. Less stress keeps you panic free and it lowers the stress at least 75% while on the Xanax compared to Lexapro and many others I tried for anxiety and depression.
304	9.0	This drug is a life saver! Just don't abuse it.
305	10.0	It works wonders. Xanax has made my life so much easier. I am on 2mg 3x a day and I feel like I'm happier and more out going. I don't know what I would do without it ...I give it** 5 *stars**.
306	9.0	I have taken alprazolam for about 2 weeks now and it has really helped control my anxiety.  I had my first panic attack and then started getting them everyday and they would last all day.  For the first 3 or 4 days I had to take alprazolam every 5 hours (3 times a day).  Then I would get the panic attacks when I woke up (9 am) and then around 5pm, so then I took 2 pills a day for about 4 days.  Now I am down to one pill in the morning because I keep waking up with anxiety.  The alprazolam works in the first 20 minutess but my anxiety gets a little worse when I take it and then it gets so much better!  The downside is the bad taste, causes drowsiness, loss of appetite and weight, and is highly addictive.  Great for temporary relief!
307	9.0	"I have been prescribed alprazolam (Xanax) and a variety of other benzodiazipines for the past ten years when I was first diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder, my dosage is 2mg 2 x daily. This was recently reduced from 2mg 3 x daily and I admit I do suffer a little but I make the best of it. The most important thing about Xanax is it is addictive and NEVER suddenly stop taking it! You could suffer from what's called a ""Benzodiazipine withdrawal seizure"". You need to taper your dose down. This is a PROPER and safe way to wean off. But overall, wonderful medicine for anxiety! "
308	10.0	"Amazing for anxiety and panic disorders but another wonderful thing about Xanax is it will even help take the edge off of the common cold and the flu. I have carpal tunnel, arthritis and osteoporosis an it helps relax the joints and muscles just enough to get a good nights sleep. A ""wonder drug"". It does have some major downfalls also like long-term deppendency."
309	3.0	It works great for panic attacks, but is horrible as you feel it wear off.  Klonopin is much better!
310	9.0	I am prescribed Xanax 0.5 mg twice daily. At 21 yrs old and have a speech impairment due to major anxiety. Xanax helps greatly to calm me down and be able to control my nervousness. I've tried Vistaril, Buspar, Seroquel, Paxil and nothing comes close to working as well as Xanax does! It works pretty fast when real anxious and makes me to be much much more outgoing and motivated throughout the day. I'm taking 40mg Celexa with Xanax which is a wonderful combination. I'm very fidigity and uncalm, but with Xanax, I feel how I should be. While being less anxious and more outgoing, I also feel a very floaty state of mind. Xanax helps!
311	8.0	"Works great for my anxiety attacks, but after 6 years I've gone from 0.25 mg twice a day to 1mg twice a day.  Getting ""anxious"" about what will happen when this dose stops working."
312	9.0	I've tried everything for anxiety - which is severe ALL the time. XANAX WORKS! Only issue is the length of time it lasts; I can feel the effects almost immediately (within 20 minutes and continue to feel effects kicking in for a good hour after), but after about 3 hours, I start to have rebound anxiety from it wearing off. Be careful of tolerance though. Since I've been on it, I've had to increase 4x. I started of with 0.5mg 3x/day and am now on 1mg, 5x/day. I don't want to change that, but this seems to be a perfect. It gives me the relief I need as often as my body seems to need it. I am so grateful for this drug, as my panic is non-existent, where it hasn't been in YEARS. It's been non stop - never relief. I finally feel relief.
313	9.0	I am prescribed 0.5mg Xanax twice a day as needed.  It works very well for me when I have high anxiety.  I have no side effects at all from this drug, I don't even get sleepy with it, I just feel calmer.  I have taken a variety of benzodiazepines for years, and I have never had a problem with an addiction to any of them (and I have a history of drug abuse).  I would just say to take as needed and at the correct dose, and don't take continuously for a long time, and you should do good with Xanax. 
314	8.0	I am a 19 year old male prescribed to a 0.5mg dosage of Xanax to be taken twice daily. Depending on my spouts of anxiety or an occasional panic attack, I either take one or a half of one to calm my state of mind. I try to just take a half of one because this medication can be addicting. I noticed these effects and feelings right after my first intake. It does indeed help suppress my anxiety and panic attacks. Due to the addiction prone aspects I'm giving it an 8.
315	10.0	I was the caregiver for 2 family members from 1997 to 2008.  I had the first full-blown stress panic attack in 2005.  Xanax was one of my medications and in 6 months, I was off drugs.  I have no regrets for those 11 years, but thought I was finally free to live my life.  However, I was wrong.  I now have continuous anxiety if I don't take 0.25 mg Xanax in the morning and evening.  I also have very high blood pressure to which a solution has not been found.  Xanax does lower it and I couldn't keep my sanity without it.  I have had no negative side effects, only positive.
316	6.0	I had 2 panic attacks in my entire life. I went to a Doctor and was given Xanax at half mg to take immediately and 6 hrs later. It worked and I thought I would keep some handy for any possible future attacks. He prescribed 0.25mg pills 3 times a day. I looked it up on the internet and didn't like the information on addiction. I went to my Doctor when I got back home and he prescribed Ativan. I believe Xanax should be used only when having a panic attack and not as a maintenance drug.
317	9.0	"I was prescribed 0.25mg of Xanax for my hyper-anxiety and panic attacks.  As a 200lb man I needed a 0.5mg dose.  Xanax really solves panic attacks well, and noticeably helps with my anxiety.  It makes it much easier to fall asleep which is great at bedtime, but can be a real problem in the morning.  Reading ""Feeling Good"" by Dr. David Burns also really helped treat the thoughts that led to panic and anxiety."
318	10.0	"I use Xanax (1mg) for anxiety and panic disorder. This medicine has been the only drug that has brought relief to to my constant anxiety. I don't know where I'd be without it. I take the use of this drug very seriously and don't abuse it. I use it only when needed for panic or when anxiety is so intense I simply can't tolerate it any longer. When used properly this drug is safe and you will not become addicted. It's very fast acting (15 min) which is important when a panic attack hits. Side effects are minimal for me. I get the ""jelly legs"" and that's about it. It's never made me stumble or fall though. The generic version isn't quite as good as the real stuff, but if you must use generic, the round blue tabs are better than the oval ones."
319	10.0	I found that Xanax is the only thing that can calm my panic disorder. I take 4mg a day and I have not had an attack in about 3 months.
320	9.0	I personally truly enjoy the fact that while my anxieties are prominent; the Xanax provides me with the security to take a deep breath and if things become too overwhelming I have the option of taking it when needed.
321	6.0	"I was switched onto this drug after taking lorazepam (Ativan) which I was very happy with and had almost no side effects with. I started taking it combined with Effexor, and it was horrible. I would take it, pass out for an hour, and wake up feeling the same as before. I could see how it would be good for a panic attack, but for general anxiety it is not very good. If you are on a constant dose, you will be taking them about 3 to 4 times a day which is too much to keep up with.

I also found much more intense effects from this drug, which I consider dangerous because I don't want to get addicted to them.

I think the drug is good for anxiety attacks, but for general anxieties I would ask for lorazepam or klonopin."
322	10.0	I have been diagnosed with both Dysautonomia and GAD. I cannot take SSRI's as they throw me into an extreme panic state starting with pill one. I finally gave in and accepted Xanax from my doctor. My dosage is 0.05 3 times a day. I never take the prescribed dose but rather 1/2 pill in the morning, daytime if needed and I rarely take at night. My life has done a complete turnaround. I have energy again, I'm not so tense, snappy or experiencing the extreme anxiety that would peak at around 2pm. I'm careful to take as I need, and while doctors may not like prescribing it, the truth is many of us will be on medication forever. I've found something that doesn't feel like medication, I just feel like me.
323	10.0	Great.
324	10.0	After years of talk down therapy, I reached a breaking point. A Doc gave me Xanax and it was a miracle. I was able to go to stores and travel on airlines without Panic Attacks. I have been on Xanax since 1999, .25 Mg before bedtime. This has given me my life back. I do take more for long flights where I spend 12 to 24 hours inside the airline system. I started on .25 Mg daily and 10 years later still use the same amount. If I miss a dose more than a day, I get antsy, then clammy skin and finally unjustified panic attack on 3rd or 4th day. This is well expected and acceptable response to quitting abruptly. Doc has been up front about me using this or some other drug for the rest of my life. It is well worth it.
325	9.0	Xanax is the best anxiety medication that I have taken over the past several years. I have been prescribed at least ten or more different medicines and some work to an extent but none are near as effective than Xanax. Xanax has truly been a lifesaver (hands down) for my anxiety and panic attacks.
326	10.0	This medicine saved my life after my mother died and shortly after my daughters father was killed. It helped me relax and I was a lot easier to take it day by day. A great alternative to alcohol.
327	10.0	I use Xanax occasionally as required. I feel relaxed in real sense, feel increase in mental abilities, sleep well and when I wake up I'm in a very fresh mood.
328	10.0	Very good for anxiety and I think it helps for depression.
329	1.0	"Xanax was a God send when I was in a terrible car accident and lost my best friend. I knew that it was a controlled substance, so that made me wearly. I recently got into a relationship, and my boyfriends whole family is highly addicted to Xanax. They are prescribed them, buy them off the street, and so on. They fight each other for ""bars"" and pay a fortune for them. The family is a complete wreck. family members had forgotten important things, like family matters, misplacing wallets, purses etc... even getting into car accidents while they're on them. They helped me when I took them as prescribed, but seeing how my boyfriends family act while on the drug, I would be careful."
330	10.0	Found the brand name was by far more effective than generic alprazolam. I find typically I do much better with brand names than generics, depending on your co pays I'd go for the brand names, the difference in my insurance is generics are 3 and brand is 6 so it's a world of a difference to me. I felt or 'thought' the Xanax wasn't working, but realized I was on generic alprazolam and switched it, it was like night and day.
331	6.0	"I have been on Alprazolam for 10 years for panic disorder and anxiety.  I am still on the same dosage that I was ten years ago and I am definitely sure that drug companies differ in their drug production.   Whenever I pick up a prescription and the pharmacy tells me it's ""just a different company"", the red flag goes up.  The oval shaped 1 mg. tablet just does not work as well at the round 1 mg. tablet."
332	10.0	Medication works fast - I received instant results. Amazing. If I only knew before, I could have experienced less miserable days.
333	10.0	They are a huge help, I have post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, and agoraphobia and if I didn't have Xanax don't think I could go out of the house. I also have seizures and take Topamax. Everything got worse when my libido passed! Now I can do the things I used to do!
334	10.0	I had anxiety so bad from work I felt like I was going to have a heart attack. I didn't take it until I got home from work because it made me sleep. I was on it for 6 weeks and I noticed I had an addiction to it. I was hurrying home after work to take it (no, really doctor, I can stop it any time I want to). My doctor said to stop taking it. I was awake for 3 days but I did it. I know now that I needed to reduce it a little at a time because I had been taking a high dose for a while. It's a life saver for bad anxiety, just watch the dosage and be careful about how long you are taking it. If you keep those 2 things in mind it's the best anti-anxiety medicine.
335	10.0	The fastest acting anti anxiety medication I've ever been prescribed, and by far the most effective.  The anxiety I experienced prior to medication was crippling, I would stay in bed all day and not want to leave my house to go to school, or anything that involved other social interaction.  This medicine got me up, happy, and willing/wanting to do the things I could not do before.  However, through prolonged use of this medication I have as a result become addicted, as when I do not receive my scheduled dose I feel withdrawals.  Overall - this medication has done so many good things for me I would be content taking this until the end of time, for the pros outweigh the cons, tenfold.
336	1.0	It made me tired and didn't relieve my anxiety.
337	10.0	I suffer from anxiety to the point where I am scared of things. It was so bad I wanted to pull my hair out. I was adopted when I was just a few days old, My mother ( who adopted me) died when I was 16. Life just seemed so hard for me. I was prescribed Klonopin and Ativan before Xanax, now I take Xanax and Concerta together and it really has changed my life. I work two jobs and go to college. I have become a superstar at work, winning contests and getting along with everyone, I rate this drug a 10 it is incredible!
338	10.0	The best
339	10.0	I have had severe panic attacks all my life. I don't even know how to explain what this makes you fell like, it's like you can't catch your breath, your hands start to go numb. My head goes numb. Then I felt like I am going to pass out or am having a stroke. I have nothing but a positive experience with this medicine and I have tried other's. They didn't work. I have never had any side effects with Xanax. So 1-10 its a 10, but take only as prescibed.
340	4.0	Xanax worked wonders for my anxiety. Next thing I know, I only ate one meal every four days and lost 15 pounds in two weeks. Withdrawal is the worst. I vomited for seven weeks straight and at least twice a day. I've been clean for two months I still don't sleep until five/six in the morning. I have slight muscle tremors. Prescriptions must be monitored extremely carefully.
341	10.0	Love it. It made me really relaxed/calm and still able to do my work.
342	10.0	I have cancer and this drug takes my mind of death and is a great sleep aid.
343	9.0	When I start to pace around the room, swimming in my non-stop traffic of thoughts I know I need to take my Xanax, it calms me and I even stopped smoking out of anxiety.
344	10.0	I have been on Xanax for about 3 years and I used to have really bad panic attacks but I don't now. The only problem I have with them is that they have made me gain a ton of weight.
345	7.0	I found Xanax to be the only thing to help me.
346	10.0	I have used Xanax for the past 15 years for moderate to severe panic and or anxiety attacks. Were it not for this drug, I am not sure what I would have done. It was and still is a God send. I only use it as needed as opposed to daily use. Two downsides are that it makes me drowsy and if I drink alcohol when I have taken it, I get very testy.  Don't drink and drive and don't drive while on Xanax.
347	10.0	Xanax is the best medicine. I was dizzy for two months straight. I felt like I was on a boat and couldn't get off. My whole life was just a mess between working full time, school, personal life until I found Xanax. I am on 0.5mg twice a day and I have my life back. I can tolerate people again. This is the wonder drug. Other than being a little more tired than normal, which I will suffer through because it is better than biting people's heads off every chance I got.
348	10.0	Wonderful drug.
349	10.0	This drug helps with anxiety so much. I'm taking 0.5mg only when I need it. It works great.
350	2.0	Xanax made me crazy. I am now in the process of weaning off of it. You cannot stop Xanax cold turkey. It'll be another two weeks before I'm done.
351	9.0	Xanax has probably helped keep me alive and breathing over the last two years.  The toll of being a military wife, mom, full-time worker, etc. had me so stressed out that I began to procrastinate on EVERYTHING because I couldn't emotionally handle things like paying bills, running errands, etc.  I only take 0.5mg of Xanax as needed, but just knowing it's in my purse helps me keep my busy life moving ahead.  Combined with Zoloft for depression and Ambien for insomnia, I finally feel like a normal person.  I feel sorry for the woman I used to be, but I'm so happy to be myself now.
352	10.0	Xanax is the most effective non-habit forming medication for me.  I have severe general anxiety disorder.
353	9.0	I take 0.5 mg as needed when I have an occasional anxiety attack
354	9.0	GREAT for anxiety. The ONLY problem I've had is after taking it regularly, when I try to reduce the dosage or frequency, my anxiety increases.
355	9.0	This is amazing for anxiety / panic attacks. I could nt be without this for when my anxiety levels peak. Its the onlt thing that works that brings me back down some bit and relaxes me. It really is a god send for anxiety / panic. I am taking this 2 years now but only take it when I really need it. Would highly highly highly recommend this. Its just brillant and side effects are non existent as far as I am concerned. I take the 250mg dose which is a white tab
356	9.0	Prescibed Xanax for my anxiety and panic disorder.  This drug is a God send for me as I take it along with BuSpar and only when those escalating anxiety and panic monsters show their faces.  It is fast acting and will help to prevent you from going to the full blown attack.  The downsides is that the doctors do not like to write the scripts for this.
357	5.0	Xanax helps with my condition
358	8.0	I love this drug. It's the only one that really works.
359	10.0	It is very helpful.
360	9.0	If it is taken as your Doctor says then it is a really effective in treating anxiety.
361	9.0	Works very well for anxiety. Stay far away from any alcohol consumption while taking this medicine.
362	10.0	During the recession of the early 90's I took this drug for a period of about 2 months to combat anxiety. The doctor first tried prozac but that didn't work for me at all. As soon as I started taking Xanax I began to feel better. I was able to put worrying thoughts into perspective. I highly recommend it.
363	10.0	Xanax is a miracle for me. I can't live without it. It is not addicting. I never experienced withdrawl symptoms either. I am usually tense, high strung and anxious. Xanax makes me happy, easy going, talkative, calm. It helps me sleep, I can't sleep without it. I take zoloft and seroquel but without xanax nothing seems to work or help me. I love xanax and I take it daily or else I really just can't get through the day. I have anger and a short fuse and bad temper and xanax calms my storms. Xanax is the only thing that works for me and makes me sane and able to face life head on.
364	10.0	I don't have panic or depression problems. I have sleeping problems. I fall asleep fine, but wake up around 2 AM and cannot go back to sleep because my mind is too active thinking about stupid stuff like movies, lawn mowers, hunting, visiting my grandkids, working on my car, music, planned projects, football, YOU NAME IT. I take Xanax when I wake up earky and can't sleep. Xanax makes me go back to sleep almost immediately and I wake up around 6 AM feeling great. I have not noted any side effects, but I take it only when needed.
365	10.0	My anxiety gave me depersonalization. Whenever I take xanax it clears right up for me, especially if I run out of Klonopin. It's a great back up that helps me when that sudden feeling of panic creeps up on me.
366	3.0	Tend to have dreams while on this drug.
367	10.0	It helped.
368	10.0	After taking this medication I feel very tranquil. I am an easy going person when I take it. I am calm and I don't have that high feeling I hate. I am coherent but calm. No one really bothers me. It's a miracle because before I used it my husband used to get on my nerves, my kids would get under my skin at the grocery market. I wanted to knock out someone but now I am a nice calm person that can be approached and even has fun.
369	10.0	There is not a better drug than xanax for my anxiety.  I love it!  Thanks to this drug I can do simple things like go to my kids schools with out going into a panic attack!
370	9.0	AnnetAndre9
371	10.0	Xanax has helped me tremedously,  I do not suffer from any of the side effects that are listed.  Since being on this drug for my anxiety, I have been given part of my life back. I didn't like to be in crowds of people or go to social events and since I am on this medicine I no longer suffer from these anxieties.
372	10.0	Xanax is the only thing that works for me.
373	10.0	This medicine works great for me.
374	8.0	This drug works wonders on most people including myself.  It calmed my panic, it helped my depression and helped me see life for what it is instead of worrying about every little problem.  
375	8.0	One of the best benzodiazepines I have taken.
376	10.0	Excellent. I don't know what I would do without it. I love it.
377	10.0	I used to get very aggravated over what normal people handle. I would go off. Have panic attacks and not know how to deal. Plus, I have tremors in my hands, mostly my right. Once I started taking Xanax the tremors stopped, I could deal calmly with my children when they got out of control. It helps me concentrate easier during the day &amp; sleep well @ nite. It can have side affects though if you don't take it properly! Take it as prescribed and don't make yourself go through the withdrawals.
378	9.0	It makes me mellow.
379	10.0	This drug has changed my life. I have always had an anxiety problem since I was a child. Didn't have a good childhood, got picked on because I was fat, etc. My parents always faught and everything would just worry me. Some nights I couldn't sleep. I've been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks for so long. I feel like people are talking bad about me. I used to get paranoid and get really anxious in public and had social pobia. I can cope with everything now.
380	7.0	I have agraphobia (social disorder) I was confinde to my home to scared to get in a situation I couldnt get out of. My fiance was always trying to get me out of the house. He just didnt understand. I started xanax and it saved my life Now im in college and Im not scared to go out. I take the blue one twice a day.
381	9.0	It works really well.
382	10.0	helps me very well with my condition.
383	10.0	the 1mg xanax made my life easyer to live. before i thought everyone was talkin about me and couldnt sleep but now im the life of the party
384	10.0	Xanax has helped me tremendously, I was having severe anxiety attacks real bad! My doctor at the time worked next door with in the same buliding/office, and he had witnessed my attacks and finally prescribed me just 1 mg Xanax, and he told me to take 1 half in the morning and 1 half at evening. It took a while but finally I was attack free. I feel like I can live my life now!
385	7.0	I wish doctors would open their eyes and prescribe this medicine easier.  Just because I panic easily doesn't mean I'm a psychotic.  Docs, lighten up!  I need them!
386	9.0	It just works. Nothing else I’ve tried has been effective.
387	9.0	This benzo has helped me get my life back. I've been on it twice in my life, so I know what the withdrawals feel like. I slowly tapered off of them when I found out I was pregnant and it was difficult, but not a horror story. Now that my son nurses only once a day, I am able to take 0.5mg of Klonopin at night. Within the first day of taking it, I noticed a difference. My anxiety is almost not there. I can relax and breathe. I take this in combination with Wellbutrin XL 150mg and it's the perfect combination for me.
388	10.0	"
I have been using Clonazepan or Klonopin 10 mg for some time. During Hurricane Maria in Puerto Rico, it was being distributed for a while. Then they have changed it to accudor, it goes among others. The problem is that I was on it about 2 weeks before I found that it was stronger than Clonazepan, then I started to have problems urinating and it caused varicocele in the testicles, among other side effects. Well, I chose to leave it stinging, since the psychiatrist  has a big wait before  I see them  until the end of June, which is the appointment. I ask there will be a medication that is similar in terms of ingredients and the least side effects in what, together with my psychiatrist, I can lower the dose to end the treatment. Thank you!!!"
389	7.0	Okay for like the last year I've had some kind of psychosis and I started getting full of fear and anxiety. I got to the point where I couldn't leave my house and if I did I had to wear purple rain boots with green mittens not because I wanted to because I was afraid I might catch a disease and step in a mud puddle anxiety was taking over my life I finally went to a doctor and he put me on this Klonopin which I guess is okay I haven't had any nightmares except for one night I dreamed I was with Ben Affleck and then he killed me with a buck knife and then buried me in a shoebox.  I'm too afraid and I get too anxious to try to call the doctor because then they put you on hold and then I start getting overwhelmed when all the Bryan Adams music starts playing on phone and then I just can't handle it anymore so yesterday I bought a new puppy I named it Joe because I was told that it would help me with anxiety but to be honest this dog has done nothing but drive me nuts.
390	9.0	I take either   0.25 or 0.5 Mgs when I feel anxious, usually the .25 and in 30 minutes or so it kicks in and I get less anxious but start to feel normal again and care free. I don't feel like a zombie or anything like that, but I notice if I take a full .5 MG of in having a panic attack it doesn't work right away, at least 30 minutes to notice its actually working but It does work. That's the only thing where is doesn't work super fast but it does help. I had 30 pills last me 7 months do I don't take it everyday, not sure how I would deal with withdrawal symptoms because I take half of what the prescribed is by cutting it in half most the time. When I'm very anxious I take a full one. Sooo with that said in not sure how  effects of withdrawals are because I never had any but the medicine does work
391	10.0	I was struck by lightning 4 years ago and finally saw a psychiatrist who diagnosed me with PTSD on top of the untreated bipolar and anxiety disorders that I already have. She prescribed clonazepam for anxiety which I’ve taken in the past with no problems at all. (Also meds for bipolar and PTSD) The anxiety from the lightning strike has altered my life completely. I’m obsessed with monitoring the weather and will not leave the house if I know a storm is coming. I’m constantly reliving the strike and I live in an area where it storms regularly. This whole experience has been completely debilitating as I constantly live in a state of fear. I really want my life back so I hope this helps!
392	7.0	It works pretty good for anxiety but not panic attack’s and it helps me sleep
393	10.0	Was on Xanax and then Klonopin for 10 years.  Then I ran into a doctor who refused to prescribe it anymore and cut me off pretty much cold turkey. It's been the worst year of my life. Have been experiencing a lot of health issues that I do believe are due to anxiety now. I've had heart problems, major depression, severe anxiety disorder. My new doctor today said she could try a week's worth to see how I felt and if I felt like it was working I could go to a psychiatrist and get on a plan. I've only taken one but I'm already more relaxed, my heart rate is down my blood pressure is down and I can actually think. Plan to keep it as an as-needed drug but with only a half a milligram I feel normal tonight. I'm almost 60 and I really don't care if I have to take it the rest of my life. I just want to feel normal
394	10.0	I think this is the only cure that works for me I take 0.25mg to 0.5mg a day and I have no Somatic pain , like head pressure, tingling sensation in head, shooting pain in face , headaches , heart palpitations . I tried natural ways like (acupunture, omega 3 ,vitamin B and D ) that everything okay but just for some part of the time . Klonopin is making you be yourself again , I wanted to be off benzos , but ibuprofen and other pain killer don't affect me like klonopin . Best regards for this cure . If I need to take it for rest of life I'm okay with it
395	9.0	"Anxiety was waking me regularly at night - I would come awake continuing my worried thoughts from the day.
The drug shuts that off and I sleep through - I only take a small dose before bed."
396	10.0	I have been taking Klonopin for 20 years. I had a complete nervous breakdown in 1997. This medication is the best ever for myself. I take 4mg a day for Generalized Anxiety Disorder and actually function great, I can work full-time and concentrate without my mind racing. I have NO problem being on this the rest of my life. I at least have a life now.
397	8.0	"I've been on and off this medication about 3 times.  It has been a lifesaver with helping me with my sleep anxiety which was so bad at times I would go 4+ days with zero sleep.  It became pure torture and was affecting every aspect of my life. 
If possible I would recommend getting a referral to a Psychiatrist before getting on this medication.  They have a better understanding of Psychological disorders and will be better able to help you and less likely to shy away from medications that could be life changing for you.  
As for getting off the medication, I've done it 3 times now with a very slow tapper (took 1-2 months) and didn't have any withdrawal symptoms.  Currently weening without a slow tapper and I am paying for it.  I was taking 1mg and tapered to .5mg for a week then stopped.  I am having headaches, feel shaky and exhausted, heightened anxiety on day 1.. Hoping this will pass within another week if not may go back on .25mg for a couple weeks then half of that..."
398	10.0	Clonazepam is very safe and effective for anxiety, derealization, and even (in my case) depression. It is easy to come off of, should you wish, by tapering slowly (finishing with a liquid taper). I have tried life for 30 years without clonazepam and for about 3 years with clonazepam. There is no comparison. Clonazepam seems to provide what my brain is unable to produce in adequate quantities. Please don't be afraid of this medicine. It does not make a person high, it is safe , and can significantly improve the quality of life for many people.
399	9.0	I'd been to four Dr's before the problem of Anxiety was properly diagnosis was made and I was put on 1mg 2x a day Klonopin and it changed my whole life for the better.  I had no idea I had anxiety problems. I was getting sick every evening , getting hot flashes and shakes? I went to the ER and Cardiologist and family dr. I was having hard painful heart palpitations 20/30 times a day. Now I have 0/ to 1 a day!!! I feel like doing things again! The only drawback I see is constipation and some short term memory loss. A welcome trade off for how much better I feel!!
400	10.0	"Klonopin has been a life saver for me.  I suffered horrible anxiety for years before being treated and have been using the drug for 10 years.  I'm 42 now.  I use it as needed so sometimes I can go weeks without taking any, sometimes take a couple a day for a week.  I've never felt any withdrawal or cravings.  My only very small complaint is that I feel not quite as sharp mentally.  I am a chemist so I need my ""A game"" while at work.   Other than that this drug has changed my life for the better."
401	10.0	I've been on either Klonopin or xanax for around 20 years. When I try to stop them it's terrifying. I've gone as long as 2 months without and the withdrawal is even worse after 6 months then is is during the first 2 weeks. I can't take off work for a year to get off of these. I can't call off of work and say, of sorry I'm hooked on my anxiety medication and I can't come in. I got myself down to 0.5 twice a day and that keeps my functioning. But I can't function without them. I don't know if my anxiety is really that bad or it's the withdrawal. It's really messed up and I have to chuckle when I see it says Klonipin is used for benzo withdrawal. That's like saying Herion is good for oxycontin withdrawal...
402	10.0	My Klonipin is the oral disintegrating type. It dissolves quickly, under my tongue, and begins to work immediately. The instant action of the dissolving tablets is far greater, for me, than tablets that take time to work. A panic attack needs immediate action. Quite often I’m driving the car when panic occurs. The instant relief has saved me from car accidents, I’m sure. Just FYI...
403	9.0	I have been taking clonozepam for roughly 3 years.  I have suffered from extreme anxiety since late teens.  I did not seek help until I was 39.  Prozac worked great for me but after 14 years lost effectiveness.  Have tried many drugs but discovered clonozepam. Works great for me.  I have learned to space them out due to reduced effectiveness.  Great at reducing anxiety.  !!
404	1.0	"The temporary relief is not worth the crippling dependency. The withdrawal from this drug literally ruins people. Beware, too, ""benzo rage;"" I've never experienced a more terrifying emotional state, I felt like I completely lost myself and became cruel and ridiculously self-righteous. Meanwhile, this class of drug turned a kind and funny roommate into a two-faced thief and liar. There is a better way than benzos, be patient and be willing to work on yourself. This stuff ruins people."
405	9.0	"I've taken clonazepam 1.5 mg a day with 1,000 mg Divalproex,and Adderall IR 20 mg for over 4 months. I have pretty bad ADHD and Anxiety/Social anxiety disorder. I've taken other benzos(Alprazolam,Lorazepam,
Flurazepam) but these new drugs are absolutely the best in my opinion for controlling anxiety in any situation.
It worked very well for me and continues to, but if you don't prefer sedation and muscle relaxation as side effects then you should go for a drug such a buspirone. But thats my experience."
406	10.0	I have been on Klonopin (Clonazapam) for 9 years and have never felt the need to increase my dose of 0.5mg in the am., and 1.0 mg in the pm.  I have PTSD, and no longer have panic attacks or the General Anxiety associated with the PTSD.  I might have to take it for the rest of my life, but without it my quality of life was unbearable.  I don't want to go back to the panicky shaking and heart palpitations and fatigue I felt after an episode.  Truly, my triggers don't even bother me that much due to this medication.  It's been my saving grace.
407	10.0	"Life saver.  Gets way too much of a bad rap by ""professionals"" who don't know squat about mental health.

Make sure to use sparingly and you will not get addicted

For high pressure situations at work or other emergency situations it makes me a normal person again.  

This Rx has saved my life and my job.

(Go to counselling too)"
408	8.0	I've dealt anxiety since I was a child but never sought help until it became very serious and my job and relationships were being affected. I was prescribed clonazepam and instructed to only take it when necessary. It has worked wonderfully for me and for once in a long time, I actually felt genuinely calm and relaxed, and my perspectives towards things that would bother me on a normal day changed completely (I was able to rationalise things better and get over problems quickly). The first hour or so after taking clonazepam is torture though as I would usually feel very drowsy and dazed. After that, as long as I eat properly, the drowsiness goes away and the pill will work wonders.
409	10.0	I have suffered from extreme social and general anxiety for most of my life, but didn't seek help until I was around 20. I was prescribed many SSRIs but none of them worked. Clonazepam has been the only thing that has ever helped relieve my anxiety. Its a shame that many doctors won't prescribe it because it can be habit forming, yet they'll gladly give out SSRIs that can cause manic behavior or suicidal thoughts. This medication saved me from my anxiety.
410	8.0	Been on clonazepam for a while. It is not as effective for me as lorazepam since most of my anxiety is due to severe, treatment resistant OCD however it's still effective in reducing debilitating anxiety. It has a longer half life than lorazepam and xanax but it's slower to take affect. My doctor combines this with hydroxyzine for panic attacks and it works quite well. I recommend this benzodiazepine over other since xanax has an extremely high chance of dependency, and over lorazepam because its just recently been discovered that lorazepam can cause dementia.
411	1.0	This does not work for me.  Must be a placebo.  Did not alleviate symptoms at all.
412	9.0	My GP prescribed Klonopin 0.5 for severe social anxiety and tremors. I've been taking it for a week, and my anxiety is 90% gone. The only downside is that it takes 1-2 hours to kick in, but it lasts a while after it starts working. Great drug for anxiety and tremors! Highly recommended!
413	10.0	I suffer from health anxiety. Every new mole, lump, twinge... my mind would sink me into fear and a state of depression. It’s not always. Most days I can cope with the irrational thoughts and sort it out in my mind but then there are some days where it’s too much. I have found that taking half of my 0.5mg tab in the morning and then the other half in the evening has made me the most level headed and normal feeling I’ve felt in a long time. Doesn’t leave me groggy just has me normal! So awesome to just be chill. Finally! I’ve also noticed that if you are female hormones when they shift and change right before menstraution have always brought out my anxiety the worst! Good luck.
414	10.0	Have been taking clonazepam since 1996. Couldn't have gotten by without it. Probably will remain on it for my life, but the benefits definitely outweigh the negatives.
415	10.0	I got prescribed this a few months ago to help alleviate anxiety and panic attacks. It's been a life saver. I only take it as needed since it can be habit-forming, but it works really well. It definitely calms me down.
416	10.0	"I’m taking cipralex for depression and ONLY when I feel anxiety I take ½ of 1mg pill. I feel better in 10 min.. 
good luck to you all."
417	7.0	I've  been on this med for 2 months it keeps me awake all night..what to do I take it at bed time .Still awake at 4 am
418	10.0	At 19 I have been on Buspar, Prozac and Ativan; none of which worked. I can honestly say Clonazepam is the only medication that has ever worked for my severe GAD, SAD and panic attacks. There is always a risk of addiction with benzodiazepines, but if thats the tradeoff to be a functional adult then so be it. I would recommend this only after less habit forming treatments have been ventured.
419	10.0	I had facial nervous twitch and anxiety and clonazepam was a blessing in the past working as with  the public it was very embarrassing. I can drive with no problems and relaxed me enough to accomplish more also if I talk too fast it slows me down to a normal pace.  Sometimes I have insomnia and taking 2 tablet before going to bed did not work. My Doctor said take 1 tablet an hour before going to bed then take a second one after that hour it made a total difference.
420	10.0	"Clonazepam has been a wonderful medication for generalized anxiety, OCD, and PTSD in my case.  It helps ""round me out"" and keeps me feeling stable emotionally.  The best part about this medication is that it lasts way longer than other benzodiazepines without the ""I need a Xanax now!"" feeling when it wears off.  It helps prevent anxiety in the first place so as not to need an immediate relief medication.  It doesn't make me feel sluggish or depressed.  Best anxiety drug I've taken yet!"
421	8.0	"I am a survivior of Traumatic Brain Injuries (TBI'S).  I was misdiagnosis bi-polar.  I was re-evaluated 10-12 years ago because of a 'fatty liver' condition due to the Seroquel a psychoactive drug.  This misdiagnosis was reaffirmed when, I became part of a DNA study.  Each individual would need to participate at their own discretion.  The point to my comment is for me...clonazepam has been since 2008 now it is 2017 a workable solution with no side effects or health risks or addiction issues.  2017, I have been arbitrarily taken off of  clonazepam by a 'physicians assistant' in the mental health field. ""We are not treating for depression.""  This is not logical."
422	10.0	A few things to know: this medication will change your life. Even taking it once will make you realize that those sad, dark, anxious thoughts in your head is ONLY anxiety. I promise you are going to be okay. There are many people on here searching for meds who suffer from this debilitating anxiety that a lot of others (without anxiety) cannot understand.  Klonopin gives you that extra push you need to come to this realization and gets you through dark moments. Another thing: it is not as addictive as Xanax, which is extremely important when deciding which benzo is best for you. Best of luck.
423	4.0	Awful drug for me way too sedating could not function at all
424	9.0	"Been manic psyhotic and on since life since 2009. 

Doc gave me 0.5 3x as needed. 

I think I will need only one a day. I take one after breakfast.

It's been a while since I've felt this normal."
425	8.0	Has a longer half life than xanax, harder to get addicted, and is a nice smooth way out of feeling anxious.
426	9.0	This drug in fact takes me from a 10 of horrible anxiety to about a 3. It has done wonders. It makes me feel like me again when I take it. I can think clearer and more positively. I wish they had an extended release. The only down fall is the only last maybe 4 to 5 hrs which is great to have that break but if it could carry on longer we wouldn't have to take more. Mind you I only take 1 mg a day. I try to be mindful of the addictiveness. I can't even say I'm addicted at all it just helps me be me and not sitting with that dreaded feeling all day in my chest and mind. I also have panic disorder I can't say it helps panic attacks but possibly gives u more courage to do things because I feel so good. And not good as in I feel high. U feel urself.
427	8.0	I'm on a low dosage for my anxiety .5. it makes me feel a bit drowsy at times but it definitely works to shut down anxiety attach
428	7.0	Didn't notice anything good or bad doesn't seem to do anything to be honest so quit taking it.
429	8.0	I suffered from debilitating generalized anxiety since high school. During university (25 years ago), it really spiked and the doctor I saw suggested rivotril/clonozapem on a longer term regular basis. For many years I took .5mg three times a day without incident. The anxiety never again got out of control...and I never felt need to increase. About 6 years ago, I decided to start cutting back very slowly. Eventually, over a long period, I actually tapered it back to .25mg once in the morning. This worked for two years until my marriage ended recently. I added another .25mg in the evening. My life has not been great, but IMO clonozapem has been a saviour. The GAD I had/have is not bearable. And other approaches alone do not work.
430	10.0	I had debilitating anxiety, panic attacks, sometimes so bad I was constantly dizzy, out of it and feeling like a completely different person. The pain in my chest would subside after taking this and I would feel better. I'm so thankful my Dr prescribed this to me, and I only take it if I really need it so when I get really bad panic attacks or increased anxiety. Different ones work better for different people, but I will never go on SSRI's again, they made my anxiety 1000 times worse, panic attacks from morning until night, no sleep, couldn't eat. My quality of life was so bad I felt as though ending it would be better. So, I'm happy I have a Dr who listens and cares about my mental state and wants to improve my life.
431	10.0	I'm currently on 2 mg TID (3 times a day). I was a 2 on a scale of 1-10 before I found Klonopin. It has helped me get up to a 7. I also take Paxil. Find a good psychiatrist or doctor who understand that people with anxiety need anti-anxiety medication (benzodiazepines). If you take as prescribed, you will see way more positive than negative.
432	8.0	Honestly, how well this works depends on the generic you get, and whether it works well for you. In my case, I took off two points for the Sandoz generic.  Seriously, Sandoz generic Clonazepam sucks!! But Teva, which some people hate, is so strong that I actually have to divide my dose between morning and evening, or I won't be able to get up. LOL. So, rule of thumb, be VERY careful when switching generics of this drug, because you may get your butt kicked like I did.
433	10.0	"I have had chronic anxiety since I was a child that worsened over time. Klonipin gave me back my life. There were times that I could not even get a breath from the time I woke up until the time I went to bed. This obviously turned into panic attacks. I tried SSRI's and SNRI's that are supposedly safer however, they created more anxiety and they are not at all safer. Seratonin can build up and cause a sudden death. So as long as you do not abuse this medication and see a licensed MD it is safe and effective. 

I would like to add that I recently found out that I have an adrenal condition that causes anxiety and being treated for that has reduced many of my symptoms so make sure you have a full work up,many endocrine problems are the origin."
434	10.0	Excellent medicine if taken appropriately. Find a Dr who understands anxiety disorders and isn't just an antidepressant pusher. That's the biggest challenge. Once you have a doctor who prescribes what you need you'll be great. I take 2 mgs bid (twice a day) and I'm a different person.
435	10.0	"My PCP prescribed this after long term use of Paroxetine was not helping all of the time. I get panic attacks often. Vomiting, pacing, crying, and hyperventilating. Ugly stuff. She prescribed Clonazepam 0.5mg as needed. I was afraid to take it, I have an addictive personality and my siblings have abused benzos in the past. However, I truly take it as needed! I split all of the pills in half. If I take one half before I do something that I know usually triggers an attack, I'm good to go but I'm not usually THAT lucky. If I feel an attack  coming on, I take one half. I usually wait 15-30 minutes and take the second half ONLY IF NEEDED. 

I have come to find that this has been the best thing for my anxiety in conjunction with the Paroxetine."
436	8.0	"Yes stopped anxiety in its tracks BUT and a big but it is very addictive and getting off of it has been very difficult EVEN when using a titration method of slowly decreasing dose.  I went as high as taking 3mg over a 3-year period.  The withdrawal from this drug for me was incredible it's been a month that I have been off of it and the anxiety and ""brain fog"" are intense, I'm hoping this goes away over time as it's very difficult to concentrate.  Do your homework BEFORE taking this medicine.  Be well."
437	10.0	Had terrible anxiety attacks .Have been on 0.5 mg for years. Really helped.
438	10.0	So, I used to have pretty debilitating anxiety. When I finally went to my doctor, he diagnosed me with a panic disorder and gave me clonazopam. Like any other drug of this sort, how responsible you are with medicine should determine if you take this or not. He gave to to me and told me to take it once at night when I went to bed, and then as needed if I was having a panic attack. This made me a little bit drowsy in the morning, so I stopped taking it at night and switched to just as needed which he said was fine. I have 1mg tablets, and take 1/2 at a time. I TRULY TAKE THIS AS NEEDED, and have never needed to increase my dose. At sight of a panic attack (maybe 3x a month now, used to be everyday) I take one, and it goes away.
439	2.0	This medication was useful for the first few months but I have spent the last six tapering and getting off of it, it is truly poison and was NEVER meant to be taken long term, you will develop a tolerance keep needing more and more to achieve the same affect, it causes memory issues, fertility problems and increased anxiety over time, agoraphobia and depression. Getting off of it almost ruined my life but was the best decision I ever made, please for the love of all do not ever touch this medication, there are other ways
440	10.0	Have taken these for a few yrs and its given me my life back. Its a much more even keel positive experience than say valium or xanax. It comes on slowly and lasts for a decent amount of time. I can't say anything negative about it.  I've gone a few days without it and never experienced anything dramatic. I think and function very well under klonapin, and it gets a 10 in my book.
441	10.0	"Fantastic

All I have to say

I have bad anxiety since high school.  Had social issues in school for as long as I can remember and it affected me severely even into the college years. 

Should have had it prescribed years earlier, but it has worked incredibly well for me since 2013.

I ONLY take AS TRULY NEEDED.....this can be very addictive, so one MUST USE RESPONSIBLY.

P.S. Xanax sucked."
442	10.0	I've suffered from severe agoraphobia and anxiety for about two years now. I missed so many opportunities because I was a scared of leaving my comfort-zone and I was experiencing a panic attack. I tried Celexa for a time, but it wasn't helpful and I continued to get worse and worse. Eventually, I felt severe anxiety whenever I left my house and experienced panic attacks on any trip that took longer than 10-15 minutes. Trying clonazepam has COMPLETELY changed my life for that better. Just 1.5 mg and suddenly I can travel 30-40 minutes down town, no anxiety or panic in sight. I've been going out more, confident and happier than I've ever been- I finally remember what it was like to live without agoraphobia. I owe everything to this wonderful drug!!
443	9.0	It works well. Benzos are very helpful if used appropriately. I take 1-2 mg twice a day and I have my life back. Everybody is different. I'm a male in my 20's with a family history of anxiety, and I prefer Klonopin over Xanax for sure. Dosage is relative to the specific individual and their symptoms. My pdoc was not willing to prescribe this long term or at the dosage I need. Thankfully my psychiatrist has a clue and has helped me enormously.
444	10.0	Clonazepam has relieved anxiety for me in extreme situations, after invasive cancer surgery this medication along with oxycodone made my recovery a lot more humane.
445	9.0	I've tried Xanax, Valium, and Klonopin with my generalized anxiety disorder. Klonopin is not super strong but gets the job done and lasts a whole lot longer than the others. Not as easily addictive since you don't feel the need to take more because of its long half life. Please don't involve yourself with Xanax. It's terrible. Short lasting and way too strong.
446	1.0	Worst drug I have ever taken for anxiety. I took it as prescribed and it actually caused me to have episodes of crying and anxiety. Well thats wonderful, a drug that made me worse. Stay away from this, it could ruin your life if you get addicted
447	10.0	I used to have panic attacks every time we went out to eat, I couldn't sit in the movies without a panic attack, I couldn't travel without anxiety and eventually a panic attack. I was always in a state of panic. I went to the urgent care with heart palps, and was given a script for clonazepam .05mg and I take it once at night. I finally sleep through the night, I don't wake up groggy, and it lasts throughout the next day because I can do the things I Never was able to do before. I use it with caution because I don't want to become dependent but at the same time, I wasn't really functioning very well before. I am thankful for it!
448	2.0	Meh....still anxious and climbing the walls.
449	1.0	"This drug should not be prescribed for more than two weeks (and this has been known since the eighties).  Most Doctors in the USA don't have a clue about what benzos do to the lives of the patients they are prescribing to, and especially how difficult it is for patients to withdraw from these drugs.

I was completely dependent on clonazepam after 30 days, and remained on it for about eight years, before I realized I had to get off of clonazepam, if I wanted a chance to become healthy again.  It took me 7 horrifying months to taper off, and I became disabled during that time.  I lost about 85% of my long and short term memory during that time.  I am educated, but I did not research this drug before I took it.  Please don't make that mistake."
450	8.0	"I give this medicine a 10 only because it does its job...but it did cause me to get a criminal case against me for ""driving under the influence of a scheduled drug"" in which I will have to appear in court for. All because the cop (without any doctor experience or medical school education) thought the blood levels were ""high"". I hadn't taken a pill since 13 hours beforehand!....and I NEVER abused the klonopin due to its strong properties. This does make some people I know very mean who are generally very sweet when they take it. But, I have taken xanax, valium, and klonopin and the klonopin has worked in my opinion-the best for longterm panic and anxiety issues. can be used for bipolar disorder so that's a plus."
451	10.0	My anxiety begun when I was 11 years old. I was in denial for 5 years that I needed a pcychiatrist. I can't get over it anymore so I stopped my study. I had headaches and depressed of all the results given to me. Everything was a nightmare. I've been checked by many doctors but they said that my system is normal. So they decided to put me in a psychiatrist. They give me some med but it didn't help me that much. I went to other doctor this time gave me this wonderful med rivotril. It gives me full control of my emotions and my anxiety completely gone. Now i can function very well. Thanks rivotril.
452	9.0	Saved my freakin life!!! Junior year of high school, was dealing with severe hypochiondria + generalized anxiety- couldn't sleep, couldn't eat, lost 30lbs in two months and missed 2-3 days of school per week. My doctor prescribed celexa first which did nothing but make me dissociate for two days straight. He decided we should try clonazepam next just to get my acute episodes of anxiety under control and OMG, what a difference!!! I literally cried from relief after taking my first dose, because it made me feel completely normal again. My only side effect is the occasional headache a day after taking it. I now only take it as needed once or twice a week and it still works wonders. Also works great for migraines.
453	9.0	I have very bad anxiety attacks that occur at random. I take one in the morning and one at night and its helps he immensely I believe its a life saver it brings tears to my eyes. It relieved the torture of daily anxiety attacks which caused me great depression.
454	9.0	For anxiety and  panic disorders, I have found this drug to be extremely useful. Prior to taking Clonazepam, I was under tremendous stress due to work, and was suffering 2 -3 panic attacks per day. Since starting on 3 x 1mg per day. I have not had a single major panic attack. Anxiety and stress just disappear! It has also proved useful, on occasion, to help with sleep. Initially, it did make me very drowsy, but this passed within 3-4 days. Thanks to this medication, I have my life back! Would  recommend to anyone with a similar diagnosis of generalized Anxiety and Panic disorders. The only downside is that I have experienced reluctance from Doctors to prescribe it (in the UK). I had to go private in order to get it.
455	9.0	I've taken klonopin off and on for many years and I have to say it is very effective and much longer lasting than xanax. I've been prescribed xanax as well and it is effective, but I truly believe it shouldn't be taken on a regular basis, especially several times a day. It's fast acting and it helps with panic attacks and similar situations. But to take it day in and day out seems ludicrous. Klonopin has a much longer half life and I don't feel withdrawal when I come off klonopin, that's not the case with Xanax. Not only that, on Xanax I was finding that I would have periods of forgetfulness, meaning periods of the day. I was at a job interview and I really couldn't tell you what was said by me or the interviewer. I did get the job however.
456	9.0	I started having horrible extremely bad anxiety attacks for the past 5 months. Since then I've been on so many different medications to help with anxiety. I was first put on gabapentin, which I had a bad time on, horrible reaction that put me in the ER. Got put on clonezapam which worked wonders for me. The uncontrollable crying episodes stopped until I was put on adderal &amp; lexapro which made them come back along with my anxiety attacks. Stopped the adderal &amp; continued the clonezapam &amp; finally came out of that. I still take the lexapro. But now I've developed a upper respiratory infection, having flu like symptoms. I was taking 1mg once a day everyday for almost a month. My doctor told me to take half a 1mg so now that's what I take.
457	10.0	I have been taking clonazepam .5 MG's once daily if needed for over a year now, and let's just say this medicine has done wonders for me! I suffer with horrible panic disorder as well with agoraphobia without clonazepam I probably would never be able to leave my house, I only take it when I need it which is usually three times a week depending but just knowing I have it helps calm me down, I am also on Zoloft 75mgs and the combo works great for me!
458	5.0	"This medication should never be taken as a long term treatment for Anxiety, Panic Attacks etc.. 
This medication also should be given at low doses to begin 0.5 once or twice a day. The reason
for these conclusions is that I first was given clonazepam over 25 years ago after extreme anxiety   
from a major surgery. My dosage was high (Started 2MGX 3 Day and Eventually 2MG X4 a day) 
I was on 2 MG X 4 a day for well over 20 years and getting off has been almost impossible, even in a detox center. Even with tapers. This last year we slowly were sort of successful by cutting it back down to 2MG X 3 a day and that took over a year of tapering. I still get the shakes once in a while, this drug is dangerous for now I crave it."
459	10.0	For me this worked like a miracle drug but be cautious because overuse can be hazardous if you have any fear simply take small breaks between and dont build up a tolerance if used properly I believe it can completely eradicate anxiety even if only temporarily
460	4.0	I was given clonazepam  after my husband passed away to be able to sleep. It didn't help much so my Dr added half of a tablet. I took the 1.5 tablet  which didn't help either. I am at a loss. I already take 2 types of antidepressants. I also hate these drugs that are supposed to help. I'm going to wean myself off of all of these drugs. I can't wait to be see if I feel normal, I hope.
461	10.0	Been on Clonaz for 4 years, on and off. I take 2 mgs as needed. I've had panic/anxiety attacks since I was a child. It wasn't until I got older that I realized what they were. I worry all the time. I can't fly with out this drug. When my anxiety prevents me from sleeping and I have racing thoughts and weird feelings of dread, I take it. 1 or 2 times a week. It's a miracle drug. My anxiety goes from 10/10, the worst I can imagine anyone experiencing anxiety, complete freakout panic with no way out, too bliss, where everything feels peaceful and nothing worries me and life is great. Miracle drug. Although, its extremely scary when I feel I need to take it, and I have to pace around and keep calm until it kicks in 45 minutes later.
462	10.0	I was involved in an accident a few months ago that claimed the life of the person I was with and tried to rescue. Both of us had to be flown out; I made it, they didn't. I had prior, minor anxiety issues; but never had the need for medication or treatment. I was one of those people who thought anxiety/panic attacks were more of a mental/attention-seeking action. I was wrong. I now know what it's like to wake up at 1 am (sometimes reliving the scenario) and be in complete chest-pounding panic. I now know what it's like to have certain words or topics of discussion trigger major anxiety issues. I take this (1mg dose) med, as needed (post event, day or night), to help calm anxiety issues; currently 0-3 times per week (more a few months ago).
463	10.0	Helps my anxiety just generally puts me in a better mood - I can actually deal with life happily now
464	9.0	I suffer from GAD, panic attacks and digestive issues. I am grateful for being prescribed this medication. It has saved me from dozens of visits to the emergency room. Just 0.25mg once in the morning takes off the edge so that I can get on with my day. I tapered off my daily use after 1 year with not too much difficulty except for dizziness, headaches and some anxiety (over 6-8 weeks) Now I just take it twice a week as needed. Some of the side effects that I experience while on this medication is slight forgetfulness and eyes seem sensitive to bright lights. Key is using the lowest dose possible that works for you.
465	8.0	I had been on Zoloft for about a year or so which helped manage my anxiety, but didn't help when it came to a very stressful day or event that led to side effects like racing heart, labored breathing, sweating, stomach ulcers, etc. I needed something that I could take immediately to stave an anxiety attack off. My doctor prescribed Klonopin and I'm so grateful for it. For me, it doesn't make me tired, lethargic, or dull me down. I was afraid of a medication that would just sedate me. This drug takes the edge off and makes me feel good enough to continue with my day. I haven't had any side effects.
466	10.0	I've been on Clonazepam for five years now. I take it for general anxiety disorder. This is a miracle drug. I don't care what the critics say about the idea that it's addictive or that you build up a tolerance or any of the other hundreds of negative things they say about this drug. All the negative effects they claim you'll experience haven't happened to me. And trust me, if anyone feels the side effects of drugs, it's me. All the cold and flu medications, antihistamine, etc. that say they are non drowsy (i.e. Clartin) knock me out completely. Sure, this drug is addictive, but so is your heart medication. If you go off it, you might get a heart attack. Listen to the doctors, not the Internet.
467	10.0	This is the only thing that has ever worked for me and continues to work for me on a regular basis. As long as I take it according to the dose my doctor prescribed I have never had an issue with this drug not working the way it's supposed to. On that note, I wouldn't say that it's for everyone, and if you are going to use Kpins, be aware that this drug can be addicting and the withdrawals are next to unbearable. So use them with Therapy for the best results, not just a script from an M.D... best
468	9.0	I've taken so many different meds and this one is the only one that's ever worked for preventing panic attacks from anxiety. Which happen often because I have social anxiety and phobias. I never developed a dependency even after stopping it for a few years when I quit taking my mood stabilizer as well.
469	10.0	I was an iv meth user for 6 months and I'm really proud to say I'm clean since march 05/16. I went one month detox until I couldn't handle the racing thoughts and tense-ness through my whole body. Finally I go to a doctor and Valium fixed me up for one month then weaned of that. Still experiencing some same symptoms so he tried propranolol. Which helped take the edge off but hardly so I switched  to Zoloft which was hard! But much better thoughts. Still tense still freeze up in situations still worry about an minor inconvenience I would cry and think about death just death in general my brain would stick to one thing and float around everything else. Until I got clonazapam. I can think things through, keep calm when pressured, and live!
470	10.0	I've had severe anxiety for as long as I can  remember...clonazepam has actually helped in so many ways I would recommend it if your anxiety is really bad. The cons though it makes you sleepy 
471	7.0	I was prescribed .5mg to be taken 2 times daily for anxiety. At first I would only take a single .5mg dose every once in a while if I had an anxiety issue, which seemed to help a bit. Well, last week I was anxious most of the week so I decided to take a single, .5mg dose once a day for 4 days straight. Boy was that a bad idea!!! 2 days after stopping, my anxiety symptoms skyrocketed multiple times worse than before I even started the medicine. I had severe withdrawal symptoms for over a week after and didn't know a dependence could be gained in such a short period of time. My psychiatrist even said it was nearly impossible for that short a period at that dose. I won't continue this medication. Beware!
472	3.0	I take .5 klonopin and i still get really bad anxiety on it. I tried telling my psych about it but she said it was okay. Personally, I dont think it works and im 122lb.
473	5.0	Stay away from this nightmare drug it can in most likely cause depression and more it's dangerous i had withdrawals for months horrible.......
474	8.0	Helps me live a normal life even tho I have Agoraphobia. This medicine kicks my panic disorder in the butt and keeps in down ALL DAY! Unlike Xanax that wears off in 4 hours and leaves you shaking. Also helps me through these uncomfortable Xanax withdrawals. I do feel like I need a stronger dose. I'm 145lbs and physically fit, I take .5mg and I don't feel high or drunk, just normally calm. I haven't tried doing anything outstanding on this drug yet. Maybe with more CBT I'll make more strides on this drug.
475	10.0	I have used Klonopin over the years for anxiety and I've been looking in the internet saying it's so hard to get off of I've never had a problem I used to take 3 milligrams a day on and off for years and then when I quit I just quit I've never had a problem I don't understand where the problem lies with this drug because I've never had a problem coming off has anybody else had problems
476	9.0	Very useful medicine.  Could finally sleep while on it and wasnt nearly as anxious as usual.  No side effects so far.
477	8.0	I
478	10.0	"Have been prescribed a plethora of anti-depressants and non-benzodiazepine anti-anxiety meds; all accompanied by horrendous, long lasting side effects. Had a bad experience with a psychiatrist &amp; also held a negative attitude toward being dependent on medication, therefore decided to be anti-medicated for several (miserable) years.
Eventually came to terms with the fact that I can not properly function in society without medication. It took awhile, but I have finally found a great combination of meds, including .5 mg of Clonazepam. Anxiety is better managed. Happy to no longer be missing out because of anxiety. Would recommend a low dose (prescribed by a doctor, of course) to someone that has tried multiple anxiety medications with no avail."
479	10.0	I've suffered all my life with anxiety/panic attacks. Seems to worsen as I age. I've tried many different meds. Ssri's in particular this drug class is the only to show improvements in my condition as I have major depression as well. Clonazepam works really well for me it's like a constant flow of relief. I would recommend this. I also take Wellbutrin in combo.
480	10.0	I have tried every medication under the sun for anxiety! I was born anxious I have always said. My doctor put me on Klonopin as more of a long term anxiety medication in her mind. It was such a miracle for me. I was prescribed 1mg x 2 at night, if needed for anxiety and Insomnia, at the time of my divorce. I found I was able to wake up the next day without feeling groggy if I had taken it the night before. When the panic and anxiety set in, it allowed me to calm down and get through the hardest moments. I only take it once in a while these days, but it truly helped me.
481	10.0	"I'm suffering from OCD and anxiety disorders for the last 22 years.
This pill is the only one who helps.
Only 0.5 mg and you immediately feel the difference."
482	3.0	My boyfriend began taking this drug to lessen his anxiety and alcohol intake. Initially I was very excited to see what it would do for him, unfortunately the results were not too pleasing. Beforehand we enjoyed the little things in life and going on random excursions. Now he has become a complete zombie!! He specifically requested very low doses (.25 mg) and in a short period of time, he has completely altered his state of being. He's tired very often and gets very irritable or annoyed being in public without him. Much less spontaneous and fun filled as before and has caused way more relational issues. Definitely would not recommend this drug unless you're prepared for the crap loads of negative social and interpersonal effects!
483	7.0	My experience using Clonzepam 1-2 mg for anxiety were OK. NO bad side effects but it seemed more suited as a sleeping aid than a anxiety med to help me through the day and remain functioning. Had better anti-anxiety effects from Xanax or Valium. But that's just me.
484	5.0	"hi all readers
been on clonazepam low dose for 2 months , consultant upped med to 2mg at night to help with sleep  &amp;restless syndrome  ,started to loose short term memory palpitations at night and falling out of bed for some reason.
have reduced med to 1.5 mg  but will take it 3 times a day  less peaks , seeing consultant sept 2016 and may ask for a change ,also taking Pregbalin   200 mg am &amp; PM 1 year.  I
hope consultant can resolve Clonazipam as anxiety is reduced and do  not worry so much .

hope this helps , I think memory problems are common with clonazipam , not sure if this improves  over time or gets worse,"
485	10.0	I am on a maintenance dose of 1 mg 3 times a day along with a different Xanax .5 if I am having a panic attack. I'm agoraphobic and suffer from anxiety because of multiple reasons. I find klonopin is a amazing medication that helps tremendously. I wouldn't have the life I have today.
486	5.0	There are various manufacturer of clonazepam. I always made sure to stay with the same manufacturer. However, a week into taking the pills from my new prescription I started to feel very ill. I still had several pills from my previous refill because I only required  1/2 of the 0.5 mg. It was prescribed for me for chronic neck pain. The manufacturer changed the ingredients and now I have been suffering for months to find a replacement to no avail. It's been working well for years but right now the horrible effects I'm getting I don't think I'd recommended to any one. Please try every option before having to suffer the consequences in the long run.
487	5.0	I was put on Klonopin about four years ago.  It worked very well until I made a change from 1 mg that was blue to a .5 that was yellow, both by Sandoz.   I was trying to make it easier to break in half and lower my dose. After about 4 months I began to notice as soon as I took the .5 yellow tablet, I would break out into a sweat all over my body like I was having an allergic reaction.  It was during this time I developed Burning Tongue Syndrome.  On the blue 1mg it began to feel like icy hot was put on my legs.  I was trying to see if anyone else had these symptoms. I may have gotten a bad batch of Generics but if I have it was on three different refills.  Something has changed with this medication.
488	7.0	I am a middle aged man, who has had anxiety my whole life. In addition, I have a very stressful job. About three years ago, my wife convinced me to see a doctor. I had never taken any sort of anti-anxiety medication previously. The doctor prescribed Klonopin, but was very adamant about taking it only as needed. The prescription says 1mg, twice a day. But I only take, on average,  two pills a week, when I'm really stressed. As many people here have said, it started out great, then faded with time. Although it definitely helps; it's not pleasant. It's almost as if it makes me so sleepy, I'm too tired to be stressed. Two years ago, I would have given it a 9. I still recommend it. Other than sleepiness, I have no other adverse effects.
489	9.0	"I find that clonzepam works really well for generalized anxiety but if I do have a panic attack, then it doesn't do much. When I first started, I was prescribed .5 2x a day and then 1mg of Xanax as needed for panic (15 a month). This was a great pairing, but the withdrawal was long and awful when a new doctor took me off the drugs cold turkey! Needless to say, I am no longer a patient of hers. I was prescribed .5 2x a day again and it reduces my anxiety without making me less ""sharp."" Tolerance does build fast and, when I was on a strict schedule, if I missed a dose I was a nervous wreck. I now take it as needed but I may have to increase the dose soon because .5 doesn't work like it used to."
490	10.0	A+. Couldn't function without it. Takes away that tense feeling in my brain. I don't have panic attacks, but I deal with a lot of anxiety that brings on severe irritability. Just one 5mg pill in the morning and one when I get home from work, and I'm free from all that. I can live a normal life and not let my anxiety ruin my relationships, work, etc. Lasts longer than xanax and more effective in my opinion,
491	10.0	This medication helps me kick the habit heroin and calm my hysterics.
492	10.0	I have 0 panic attacks when I'm on this medication
493	7.0	"I am a 16 year old girl who has suffered with extreme anxiety and severe depression since I was 9. The reason why I was so depressed was mainly because I was mildly depressed so they put me on cymbalta and I suffered from the ""black box warning"" in which adolescents and teens can experience suicidal thoughts and actions. that really messed me up. I'd have panic attacks where I was convinced I wanted to, and I'd puke and shake and stuff. it still happens but when it does my parents give me 0.25mg (I'm very very lightweight so they don't want a lot in my system) and it seems I work alright. I'd like to take it everyday but my parents are so hesitant to give it to me."
494	8.0	I have general and social anxiety along with paranoia and panic attacks. I am on the max dose of 2mg 3 times per day. I usually switch between this medicine with Xanax to slow tolerance, however this is always an issue. This medicine allows me to do things and be me that I normally wouldn't be able to. However, it does build tolerance fast, causes short-term memory loss, and more aggressive panic attacks if a dose is missed. It is also extremely psychologically and physically addicting and can take your brain over a year to start creating GABA again on its own, which is what this medications primary role replaces.
495	1.0	"I am trying to get off benzoids after taking clonazepam for over 36 years. I am having extreme difficulties. (extreme to the point of life-threatening)
I am using a shorter (effective) half life than the 30 to 40 hours  for clonazepam. I'm over the DTs but life is now truly hell.
.
Frankly, I'm going through a quasi-living hell. My desire to stop clonazepam stems from a desire to cut down the 'zombie' feeling all day,and sleeping the clock around.  It's been 20 days now and I'm not really sure I'm going to make it. I would advise any one thing if clonazepam (or any other benzoid) 
is considered: DON'T EVEN START! You'll regret it. It has destroyed my life."
496	10.0	"Thanks to benzos I've able to function properly even in the most chaotic days. Of course it is not supposed to be used as treatment and I don't! But there are days when  the ssri's and the physical exercises aren't enough to contain my anxiety, then I appeal to Clonazepam.
Thanks to it, I no longer experience huge gaps in my routine due to anxiety attacks associated with agorophobia.
I never really felt any side effects or emotionally sedated (as have happened with other drugs).
Also, since I've been going well through conditions once I avoided, my behavoir is changing and I'm needing everytime less help from the medication. The last 30 pills package lasted 8 months"
497	10.0	This is the drug that was a total game changer for me. I was on effexor and abilify because of severe depression and suicidal ideation (at only 19 :(). While the abilify and effexor helped with the depression, I was extremely anxious, jumpy, panicky, and unable to sleep at all. Klonopin changed all that. I am now able to do anything with no anxiety, no intrusive thoughts, and am visibly much less tense and more relaxed than I have ever been. I can go to work, take public transport, and interact with customers with absolutely NO anxiety anymore. If you sound like me, I highly suggest at least giving this medication a try. It saved my life.
498	3.0	Clonazepam. 1mg in am.  1 mg at bedtime. Helps with myoclonus symptoms and sleep at night. Side effect is severe aggravation. Along with this I take Venlafaxin for Double Depression. Neither does anything for anxiety. Think the Clonazepam needs to go away in the daytime and perhaps a trileptic for anxiety. Not crazy about Benzos.
499	2.0	"Yes, this medication works. It works very well for chronic anxiety disorder and  sudden onsets of severe panic attacks. Knowing what I know now, I wish with all my being it had never ever been prescribed to me, and without the absurd nonchalance dozens of practitioners have portrayed. 
I'm 32 and have been prescribed clonazopam for 14 years. Ive been in situations where my health insurance is in transition and I must go off the medication abruptly-- this is when I realized how deep I was. Weeks upon weeks of non stop physical, emotional, and psychological withdrawal effects that are like hell. Words cannot accurately describe just how awful it is. This, again, has been my experience during withdrawal as a long term clonazopam patient. 
All skin, especially the face, becomes numb. Vision gets fuzzy and difficult to see clearly. Panic attacks become extremely exasperated, frequent and debilitating. Severe irritability. Worst of all: a terrifying disconnection between your mind and body; as if you're an onlooker watching and feeling this horrible thing happen to you, but not actually feeling connected to any of it-- that one is tough to explain. All of this... It can lasts months, maybe more. That's right. Not just some one week hump to overcome. 
After finding how awful the withdrawal is I've been attempting to ween very very slowly down from 3 2mg doses per day to eventually zero, hopefully. After six months of gradually decreases in dose I'm now at 2- 1mg doses per day and I'm not sure how or if I can go much less than that. No doctors I've had have been of any help. The ween down was my idea and the rate of it was also my idea based on experience. It sure would be nice to meet a doctor that truly had knowledge of this withdrawal syndrome and took it a bit more seriously. I am confident that the medication is no longer treating my anxiety disorder, but simply preventing withdrawal from the meds themselves. And there don't seem to be any good alternatives. It's a long road ahead, please think it over and over with someone knowledgeable before being so quick to embrace this miracle drug. The truth is that most of us actually need very real psychotherapy, not chemicals that run our lives. 
Once again, all my point of view from my personal experience. It feels very good to share this."
500	10.0	Taken( 2) 1mg, 3 times a day and (3)1 mg at bed time. No issues still helping after two plus years.
501	10.0	At the age of 58 I was revictimized (psychologically) by a male RN co-worker. I had had absolutely no idea that I could have been severely sexually abused as a child and that the perpetrator had to have been my own father. The revictimization caused me great PTSD so I sought a therapist for help with that, and it was she who told me that I absolutely must have been abused by him because it could not have been anyone else. Clonazepam works great for me and I have no side effects. I've been on 2 mg. 3X/day for many years due to the horrible therapy I must endure.  Often I feel that I'm not getting enough but my psychiatrist said that I am at the absolute maximum and that it would be dangerous to take more. I follow his advice.
502	10.0	last 15 tears of taking Klonopin have been a total improvement of my quality of life. and an improvement in anxiety to the point where I am like the friendliest guy in town so to speak. where as before taking Klonopin I had severe social  phobia . as a result the stress was definetly related to making me get cancer at 40 years of age. it works. buspar and all the other more popular anti anxiety meds did not work and I don't want to stop taking Klonopin.     William P.
503	8.0	21 y/o female, work in the medical field, severe anxiety for about 5 years now, always been hesitant about taking meds for fear of medication dependency. In the past year, my anxiety has gotten to the point where I am isolated &amp; developing depression. I finally broke down and was prescribed Klonopin 0.5mg daily as needed. It takes the edge off and gives me a genuine good feeling while allowing me to keep a CLEAR head and keep my patients safe. I was marijuana dependent as a teen b/c it improved my moods the same way, so I see the potential for dependency here. I am seeing a therapist and intend on using this until I learn other ways to cope. It does help you to think positively so you can begin your recovery. Great short term drug.
504	1.0	I have suffered with anxiety dies order, PTSD, and OCD for as long as I can remember so my psychiatrist put me on Clonazepam. After taking it for 2 months I noticed I was angry all the time, I had no patience and had irritable and hostile thoughts. It never really helped curb the OCD or the intrusive thoughts/worries. I immediately stopped taking it and was switched to Luvox which has worked wonders for my anxiety and OCD. Would never go back to this medication.
505	8.0	"(TEXT LIMIT)
36, suffered since childhood. Anxiety, Depression, and panic attacks. Believing I have heart problems, heart pounding that my mind is creating, hatred, anger, anger, anger, and lack of ever really just feeling good. And by good, I don't mean parties and hooking up two people to date. I mean just taking in life and acknowledging nature for those very brief beautiful moments I only have vague memories of doing.

This drug helped me, and I wish I could stay on it, but I can't. It built tolerance, affected my memory, and started degrading my cognitive functions. Outside of that, the search was finally over when I got on it, but now it's back to hell because I can't stay. Everyone is different, don't increase the dose."
506	9.0	Best benzodiazepine out there for extreme anxiety,panic attacks and social anxiety.
507	2.0	It is horrible. I am cutting down according to doctors recomendations! I now take just .5 mg at bed time around 8 pm. I get hit with drowsiness mid day, even though I haven,t taken any medications or supplements! This horrible medication doesn,t even help my anxiety! Xanax is the worst benzodiazepine! It caused terrible rebound anxiety! And if you have depression, or know anyone with this problem, NEVER HAVE MORE THAN 3 YEARS OF ELECTRO CONVULSIVE TREATMENT! I HAVE MANY PROBLEMS DUE TO A FALL, AND HITTING MY HEAD! MY LIFE HAS BEEN HE'LL SINCE THEN! TAKE EXTREME CAUTION! CHECK OUT YOUR DOCTOR VERY CAREFULLY! MINE WAS A QUACK!
508	10.0	Works better than the short acting benzo's like xanax and ativan. Stays in your system a good 12 hours and KEEPS my GAD at bay without having any panic attacks.
509	9.0	I have bipolar 1. I have major anxiety from it . so my dr put me on .05 four times a day along with gabapentin and my other medicenes that i take daily. This medicene helps my anxiety. I feel like i can live again.
510	9.0	I absolutely love this medication. I am prescribed 1mg 4 times daily and it helps me so much with my anxiety. I was switched from lorazepam to Clonazepam, and the Clonazepam helps so much more than the lorazepam did. It truly helps me get by with everyday life.!
511	9.0	Takes time to come up, this is a problem when you have a panic attack, suicidal thoughts and anxiety go away within an hour but they go away, it's like a emergency button, it has saved my life from suicide. Dependence builds within months.
512	10.0	Works perfectly for me keeps me calm.
513	10.0	Best anti anxiety medication by far. It's Exactly like a Xanax + Valium combination. You get the potency, you get the long half life, you get the great muscle relaxing properties, you also get the best Maintnance Benzo, best for long term use . Etc etc. I tried Ativan, 7/10 rating. Valium, 8/10 rating, and Xanax, 6.5/10 rating. I finally got introduced to Klonopin, and I found exactly what I was looking for. 10/10!
514	2.0	"You don't need it.
It helped at first. After about a year of regular use, it stopped helping, and instead made me very angry. By then, I was taking around 5mg/day, and had a long taper ahead of me to ease the hellish physical dependency.
You don't want the taper. You don't want to numb your feelings with this horrible tranquilizer. You are worth more and you have more in you than you want to believe when you sign up for this cop-out nightmare."
515	10.0	As an alternative to Clonazepam, I tried a natural anxiety remedy called Zenapin which was reviewed well by several sources. STAY AWAY FROM ZENAPIN. This 'natural' remedy made me dizzy with a constant headache. Don't belive the hype. This Product Is Bad For You!
516	10.0	I've had panic attacks since I can remember. I recall my family DR.telling my mother that I would eventually need something for my nerves. I developed an irregular heartbeat around the age of 20. Of course, I am the last person who needed that symptom. I would go into a full blown panic attack and end up in the ER. My family Dr talked me into taking Xanax. I took .5 3 times a day like clockwork. Along with  Tenormin for my afib.for 10 years . I then switched to Klonopin .5 3× daily. It was miracle. No side effects. After taking the same dose for 15 years, my new Dr dropped dropped it to twice daily. OK for about 6 months. I've been  in the ER 5 times in the last 12 months. I need some good advice.
517	5.0	Good
518	10.0	I have been orally using Diazepam, (VALIUM) 10 mg. tabs- Qty: 90 monthly. 1 tab 3x a day q 8
519	10.0	This medication worked perfectly. No side effects and it really helped with my anxiety and dystonia. This medication helped my sex life as I was more relaxed, and really helped me socially, as I was no longer anxious in social situations. Clonazepam stopped they dystonic movements completely and they have not returned. I would highly recommend this drug.
520	4.0	The doctor prescribe this for my anxiety not realizing what I was taking after taking for a year I decided to look up the clonazepam and found out what I was really taken and how hard it is to get off of it has been pure hell  how  can something be so good but so bad I tell everyone stay clear of this medication and go alternative because the withdrawals are evil it has been a total nightmare trying to get off of this pill and I am on a low dose .05  this pill was supposed to help my life not ruin it.  The headaches are unbearable the nauseous is miserable and the dizziness is in sane  everyone please stay clear of this medicine  because when you try to get off of it is pure hell nightmare
521	10.0	Clonazepam has been a lifesaver for me.  As an addiction counselor, I thankfully understand the risks and have used it PRN for years now with no issues.  Unfortunately, I have treated many people who did not understand the risks involved with this (and any) medication.  EDUCATE YOURSELVES!!  Benzodiazepines are an amazing class of drugs, if used correctly.
522	10.0	"I took my first pill last night, and feel better already!
I had never before suffered from anxiety, until I started a new and very stress-filled job. I held my own at first, but the past few months really took it's toll on my physical health. Yesterday, I truly believed I was having either a heart attack, or panic attack...I've never had a panic attack, never! Rushed to my doctor who looked at me and said- I've never seen you look like this before.
After explaining how my job was affecting my life, and talking about different stress/anxiety relievers, and making time for me, he wrote the prescription. I was hesitant to take, but slept like a baby for the first time in months! 
I will check back as I continue with the medication."
523	10.0	I started this Drug in 2004 because because of bad panic attacks and high anxiety anytime I was outside my house. In elevators, in crowds, in cars if there was a lot of traffic and a million other situations. I did no research on this drug, just assumed my doctor knew best. It definitely works, probably the best anti anxiety drug on the market, and longer lasting than Xanax, however it does come at costs. Depending how much you take, or how much anxiety relief you need it can really be debilitating. If you need higher doses it can make you drowsy, cannot drive.  I highly recommend this drug for emergency usage only because its addictive and I didn't know this but stopped abruptly and had widthdrawls like a heroin addict when I stopped
524	10.0	"I'm a 37 year old male and have suffered from Anxiety for as long as I can remember.
I've tried tons of anti anxiety meds, including Diazepam, Lorazepam, Alprazolam, Oxazepam, Hydroxyzine, Gabapentin, SSRI's, SNRI's, etc etc. I finally got introduced to Clonazepam, what a MIRACLE of how good it works for me. I take 2mg 3x daily and I'm finally anxiety free. Living a perfect normal life now. Best medication I've ever used. Thank you KLONOPIN for giving me my life back."
525	10.0	Been taking benzodiazepines for near 10 years now. Started with 1mg of Lorazepam once daily, but it stopped working after about 2 years. I got prescribed Clonazepam 1mg twice daily.Worked like a charm for 5 years, then stopped having any effect. Still, Clonazepam is amazing compared to Lorazepam. This is an amazing medication. I was prescribed an up-dose (2mg three times daily, but I usually only took one pill a day or two, because 2mg is very strong). I was also prescribed Xanax to take along with Clonazepam due to having a panic disorder as well as generalized anxiety, but after about a year I decided that the Xanax was pretty useless (and tasted like wet chalk) so asked my psychiatrist to stop prescribing it. Just clonazepam. It's great.
526	1.0	A nurse at a psychologist put me on this drug along with Prozac over 3 years ago. She told me it would be a band-Aid until the Prozac start working. I went for a follow up appointment a month later and she said since it's working she didn't want to change anything. Months went by I still felt great no panic attacks, nothing. Started to gain weight and felt extremely sleepy during the day so I wanted to start weaning off-spent 1 1/2 yr trying to wean myself off only to start the withdrawal symptoms - electrical shocks, extreme night sweats and nightmares.Finally I weaned myself to .5 mg Klonopin and 10 mg of Prozac. Last Friday night (10 days today) I came home and flushed the pills. going through hell now. Don't start, get help naturally!!!
527	10.0	"Indigogirl,
Switching from Ativan to Klonopin is very common. Due to the fact that Klonopin is 2x more potent tand lasts much longer also. 2mg Ativan = 1mg Klonopin. Ativan has a 12-18 hour half life, while Klonopin has a 24-50 hour half life. Ativan peaks within 30 minutes, while Klonopin peaks within 2 hours. If you were too sleepy with the switch, your Klonopin dose was too much. For me, Klonopin is the best all around benzo. I've been on Xanax, Ativan, and Valium, Klonopin is the king of the class of Benzodiazepines."
528	8.0	I don't know that it is clonazepam 1mg 1 mg per day, but I have electric  like sensation from my head into my feet.  Joints hurt, burning sensation in feet make it uncomfortable to walk.. Anxiety attacks are worse to the point of not wanting to go out especially alone.. I was taking trazodone, stopped at   25 mg. Dose last night, replaced with 5 HTP, 50 mg. Of sequel (which I have been taking. ) I slept fine, but when I awoke some problems with tingling, burning. When I took another 5 HTP and clonazepam, plus 2 mg. Of Tizanidine, I went back to sleep, but the burning, tingling and painful joints very bad upon awakening.  Still going on.  I thought the natural products would eliminate this.  
529	9.0	This med is a godsend, I only wish I was diagnosed earlier in life, so I wouldn't have lost so many years to anxiety and panic attacks!
530	10.0	"This drug is great. Sure you can go med free, which I've done, to prove to yourself that anxiety can't hurt you and there is nothing to fear (blah blah blah) - BUT my life truly was misery with this approach. What's the point, I told myself, of proving I can tough it out. 
Left unchecked anxiety can spin you into fearing all kinds of silly stuff - doctor/dentist visits, flying, being stuck in traffic, shopping ....
Klonopin kills the deep down anxiety.

Oh - and if all you have is anxiety (no depression) - stay far far away from the antidepressants......some friendly advice."
531	10.0	I started taking this drug 10 years ago because I was always stressed and was waking up at 3am. Started on 0.5mg at bedtime, combined with Trazadone, and it would knock me out within 15 minutes-I almost had to rush to the bed sometimes. It was prescribed to take another dose in the morning but I only did this once, as it made me very sleeping driving to work. I later discovered the Trazadone wasn't doing anything and now just take the Klonopin at 0.75mg at bedtime and it gradually puts me to sleep and keeps me there. If I wake in the middle of the night and would normally stress about stuff, I am able to fall back to sleep till morning. Helps with work anxiety during the day, too. It has been a miracle drug for me!
532	10.0	"The absolute perfect benzo.
The long half life is there, the potency is there, great muscle relaxing properties, great for sleep, I can go on and on with this.
I'm prescribed 1mg 3x daily, and that's my perfect dose..I take 1 in the am, 1 in the afternoon, and 1 in the pm, and it works like magic. I've tried other benzos, Xanax, Valium, and Ativan..although those benzos were also very helpful, but Klonopin is my #1"
533	9.0	I love Klonopin. When I was going through an extremely hard custody case with my ex husband, my doctor prescribed the Klonopin. She scheduled it up to 3 times a day.  I used it too. It helped me face my fears and stand up for myself for once. Once that was over she scheduled it on 1.0mg as needed up to.3 time's a day. I still have the script. I do use the Klonopin only when I'm in a situation that I need help relaxing. I know I need it at those times. When I take it, I would feel great. If I didn't need it but thought I did, all it would do is make me tired. It's been 3 years of PRN Klonopin &amp; I know when I need it and when I don't. For those who feel this could be abused, my response is if the person really needs it, Misuse wouldn't happen
534	10.0	The absolute best benzodiazepine. I've had Anxiety and Night terrors ever since I can remember. As a kid, I was always scared to sleep alone, and in the dark. My mom had to always sit with my til I fell asleep. This never went away. I'm 28 years old now. My doctor first RX'D me Xanax 2mg 2x daily, it really helped, but it stopped working so quickly! Then I got put on Klonopin 2mg 2x daily, now that's exactly what my body and mind needed. I'm perfectly anxiety free, and can sleep with no hesitation. Klonopin is the best. Thanks Klonopin!
535	9.0	I take 0.25mg - 0.5 mg of this to help manage anxiety heading into public speaking events (about once a month). It helps me feel focused and relaxed instead of being anxious and worried for no reason. At a low dosage (once a month or so) I don't feel any of the major side effects people have described. For awhile I felt guilty about taking this and tried to work with a therapist instead and doing meditation which did not entirely relieve my situational anxiety.
536	3.0	"This medication, when used properly, does help with generalized anxiety. 

The only problem is I was never told how to take it properly. I became addicted, and a bit suicidal. It wreaked absolute havoc on my life and the lives of my family.
Name the side effect - I had it.  It caused depression so bad, that I couldn't get out of bed. Insomnia to the point of where I was convinced I was losing my mind. Looking back now, it's hard to believe I ever felt the way I did, but I did.

Please do research on the drug before taking it."
537	9.0	I had severe OCD starting around 14. My anxiety level was horrible. At age of about 50 a doctor said he would calm me down so I could be more functional. I took 4 1mg tablets a day with no side effects other than lowering my anxiety to a acceptable level. I still take klonopin and consider it best drug I have ever tried and still use it
538	1.0	Scary drug. Took the lowest dose for anxiety, came to three hours later. Totally blacked out. Still don't remember a thing that went on till this day. Good thing I was at home when I took it.
539	6.0	"I was put on klonopin at age 17. I took it as prescribed for 20 years, going from 0. 5mgs to 3-4mgs a day. While it worked great for anxiety and insomnia, I wish I had never taken this medication. Last year I was detoxed off of it. When I tapered off I didn't sleep at all for 11 days. After that I had extreme anxiety and agitation. I couldn't sit still for months, I had to take a non addictive medication to be able to sleep at all. I was unable to eat well for months. 
Doctors don't think to tell you that this medication makes you physically dependant. You cannot stop abruptly or you risk seizures. It is made for short term use, about 2 weeks. I wish I had never taken this medication. I will never take another benzodiazapine again."
540	8.0	I noted marked decrease in intellectual ability and memory.  I need to go off this med for Neoropych testing and 48 hour EEG,  although I have high stressors in my life so I need to take it.  When I wean down I get sinus tachycardia. Hr of 122 at rest. Taking Klonapin makes HR decrease to 80's.
541	7.0	Clonazepam would be a great medicine if it wasn't addictive &amp; known to cause dementia. Those are the reasons why my doctor removed me off of this medicine. When I took it it helped take the edge off my anxiety. I didn't have many side effects from it &amp; I never became addicted to it. The only side effect I had was it would make me tired sometimes. That's it. Even with it being addictive &amp; being known to cause dementia, I still give it a 7 out of 10 stars because it was very effective for me. It would have gotten 10 stars if it was safer to take &amp; if it had ridded me of my anxiety completely.
542	9.0	"This drug works well ""short term"". As all of the literature you have read about it says. However, ""Short Term"" is ambiguous. For some people ""Short Term"" might mean it retains it's efficacy for 2 years without problem as it did for me. If it seems you have been on this for years and it's still working, don't fool yourself. 2 Important things to note.

1. Tolerance withdrawal - Doctors will never tell you about this, some don't even acknowledge that it exists. This means that when your body has developed tolerance to this medicine, even though you keep taking your steady dose, you will start to experience god awful withdrawal symptoms. Believe it.

2. Taking over 1.5-2mg per day does not provide any benefit."
543	10.0	"I suffer from chronic, delbilitating
anxiety 24/7 can't function, focus,
family &amp; friends withdraw from me
as they don't understand the disorder or try to learn about it.
I have been on 2mg of clonazapam
for 12 years and when my anxiety
gets to a certain point I take a pill and approx. 20 minutes later, my
stomach stops hurting, my chest
losens up, I breath normally, feel the fear fading away until finally I am
relaxed and a totally different person.... my real self : )"
544	10.0	"I've been on Clonazepam (.5 mg) for almost 6 months now.  I already take Wellbutrin for depression but my anxiety levels were still a little high.  I told my doctor and he prescribed the Clonazepam and told me to ""take as needed"". Well ""as needed"" for me is usually 2 nights a week, depending.  If I am feeling anxious, I'll pop one. It has helped my anxiety greatly.  It takes the edge off and brings my level of anxiety down to a manageable level.  In addition, it helps me get to sleep quicker and helps me stay asleep.  From what I have read about the drug, it can interfere with REM sleep but I wake up feeling fine.  My only side effects are that I sleep too long and wake up feeling groggy/drugged but that's about it."
545	9.0	I just started taking this medication daily at night bc I just can't sleep at all. It has been a month now and I can finally sleep all night. I feel great to get my life back in order with no side affects thus far and feel much happier. Heaven sent for me. Love my neurologist.
546	2.0	Increased depression at higher doses, which are needed as your system becomes tolerant and you always will need to increase the dosage to get relief of the anxiety, negative thoughts in general, fear of withdrawal, agoraphobia if you do run out before refill, severe memory problems the longer you are on it, tolerance develops quickly and what started out as 0.5 twice a day is now 3mg a day which leads to almost constant fatigue and a general feeling of hopelessness that doesn't go away.
547	10.0	"I started taking lorazapam (Adivan) when I was 16 (I'm 32 now) for panic attacks and anxiety, 2mg twice a day. They did work well but had a short half life. I had 3 grand mal seizures when I was trying to come off of them. I switched to klonopin 6 years ago because a new Dr said that they would keep me on a more even keel because of their longer half life and he was right!!  But even on klonopin, which ARE addictive, I had a grand mal seizure when trying to ween off.  So I just take my klonopin as directed, 1mg 3x a day and I feel normal.  Some people try to say that benzo's aren't addictive, but that's a lie.  So just be careful when u hear others say that they can take their medication only when they ""need it""."
548	10.0	"Love this med..it works!! I take it in conjunction with my antidepressant, Lexapro! I have never felt happier! My depression, panic attacks and anxiety started when I hit puberty and I never  wanted to take meds.. I'm basically a ""drug free"" person..but this is an exception due to the fact depression/anxiety can literally kill you!! These meds were needed during and especially after a horrific abusive 4 1/2 yr ""relationship"", almost lost my life!! Had flashbacks and nightmares, but I got through with seroquel to sleep. When I wake up I take klonipin and Lexapro..about 4-5 hrs later I take .5 xanax, sometimes two 0.5's if needed!! DO NOT take klonipin and xanax at the same time due to the fact they are in the same class of meds!!"
549	10.0	I take Klonopin for anxiety, 2 mg - 4 mg per day as situationally needed. It is not habit forming and I have no side effects. I can go several days without needing it, then when I do it's very helpful to bring calm and relaxation and significantly reduce depression. I think some people on here are confusing the side effects of Lexapro and other SSRIs commonly prescribed along with Klonopin. More than likely it's the SSRIs that are causing the nasty side effects and withdrawal symptoms, as I went through that myself when I stopped taking the anti-depressants. I find Klonopin by itself to be high effective without any negative effects, and I have stopped all other SSRIs because of their sexual side effects and worsening of depression.
550	10.0	This is much much better and get a much better calming feeling from even valium. My doctor had me on valium since I was 12-16- and I even took it into my 20s 5 mg 3 times per day I was never hooked on it and even took valium vacations so I wouldn't get hooked on it. But klonopin works so much better! it makes you feel happy and loved inside not the fake kind of loved either but really nice warm feelings of pure love and gentleness. My mom died 2 years ago and this is the only medicine that helps calm me down and come back to being happy again thank God for klonopin.
551	9.0	I have agoraphobia with panic attacks and severe anxiety.  I have been switching between valium and  klonopin for  years. I recently starting taking 2mg klonopin wafers. I find they work extremely faster then the pill. I now feel relaxed almost immediately vs up to 30 minutes or longer with the pill which isn't helpful when having a panic attack. I can leave my house more often than before. I can go to the store with out dragging one of my kids with me. Still struggling but easier for sure. Before I would drive my kids to and from school and normally wait till picking them up to shop. It's difficult but I'm finding myself more often now going after dropping them off. There for saving them from torture of shopping.
552	9.0	I use everyday Paxil 20 mg. I use Cloanazepan .5 mg. in case of emergency, when I feel I will lose control. I like this combination.
553	10.0	I started off taking klonopin after developing severe panic attacks 20 yrs ago. It was a life saver for me! I took it for 15 years and weaned myself off of it with no problems. I am back on it now after 5 yrs of not taking it due to recent life events that started the anxiety back up. I take 1 MG tablets up to twice a day. I've never had any of the horrifying withdrawals that other people complain of. Klonopin definitely works for me.
554	9.0	"I have great luck on clonazepam. Not only does it help with anxiety, it helps with my hand pain. As a result I am taking fewer narcos. I have had no luck with gabapentine and lorazapam. I take the clonazepam for 3 weeks then take xanax for the remaining week
 I have a huge tolerance and I am worried the clonazepam may stop wporking.
Someone mentioned hydroxyzine. I found that it is only good for helping with mild allergies and contact dermititis. I am amazed dr. Prescribe this for anxiety
Also, being on clonazepam has allowed me to cut back on my other medications, pain meds, muscle relaxers, nuerotin, and anti depressants. 
The clonazepam controls my anxiety which helps abate my pain easing my depression.
Best of luck. "
555	6.0	I started talking Clonazepam a week and a half ago for my Generalized Anxiety disorder.... let me tell you its is WONDERFUL, it took my anxiety almost from the first day, I take 0.5 in the morning and 0.5 at night and have not had any anxiety in a week and a half which is a miracle for me since I had anxiety since I was a teenager.  Now the bad news is that its causing a lot of weight gain for me, 10 lb in  week and a half,,,,, its not OK with me..... I have been struggling with my weight forever and had finally got to where I am a little comfortable with it, I am 39 and do not need to gain weight,,,,, its making me depressed.  I really love having no anxiety but absolutely hate the weight gain...
556	5.0	"Clonazepam works wonders for anxiety. However, it is extremely addictive. This medication is like booze in a pill and once you get addicted, it's very difficult getting off it. There are terrible withdrawal symptoms from this drug. After using Clonazepam for 4 years, I'm going through what's called ""tolerance withdrawal"" but of course there is no medical term for it. Doctors will tell you that there is no such thing as ""tolerance withdrawal"". ""When tolerance develops, ""withdrawal"" symptoms can appear even though the user continues to take the drug. Thus the symptoms suffered by many long-term users are a mixture of adverse effects of the drugs and ""withdrawal"" effects due to to tolerance"" "
557	1.0	I am coming off of this med and it's freaking horrible. Number one: I said it did not work and was making my anxiety worse. My doc kept me on it 2 mg day plus 20mg lexapro. Never again. I have to say it is rubbish because you can't just stop. Going to a new therapist today. Thank God. Stay away from this pill.
558	8.0	When you start it is great! After time, if you take breaks this drug can work well. Clearly, if you take it each day it is as good as useless for anxiety. All medical evidence shows this.
559	10.0	Keep me calm and stress free. I don't fly off the handle over little things. This narcotic really does the trick. Only if you follow the prescribed INSTRUCTIONS. do not abuse.
560	9.0	I'm taking this in combination with Zoloft. I take 0.25 mg of Klonopin (half a pill) twice a day. It's a very low dose, but in combination with the Zoloft has been effective at managing my anxiety. I was originally taking 0.5 twice a day but that was making me too drowsy to concentrate on work. Overall this is a great med for anxiety, especially when waiting for an SSRI to start working.
561	10.0	"After 2 months of my doctor giving me non addictive pills to try to treat anxiety, and them working to no avail he finally prescribed me a benzo, and this was the one. 

I quit my job, didn't leave my apartment for 2 years, was letting my health go.

I take 0.5mg when needed, and it has allowed me to make appointments, leave my place, and get my life back.

I have been taking it for about 2 months. 1 a day sometimes 2, some days none. Depends on what the day has in store for me. It is long lasting, and will put you in a zone of comfort and ease. It doesn't make me tired or dizzy like the hydroxyzine I was first given."
562	9.0	Clonazepam probably saved my life.  I've been on it for twelve years.  It was originally prescribed to me because my antidepressant was not doing the job of suppressing panic attacks.  Clonazepam worked incredibly well for me - for 12 years, .5 milligrams is all I need to stop the worst of panic attacks.  I've never noticed any side effects, save for some drowsiness at times.  The only downside that I've experienced is a mild physical dependence.  If I go more than two days without a clonazepam, I start to feel kind of jittery, restless, and tense.  These periods of physical dependence have been easily remedied though, by simply easing up on the dose over the course of a couple of weeks.
563	8.0	I was prescribed Clonazepam 3 years ago at a dosage of 1mg SIX times/day. I weaned myself down to 1mg/twice daily within 6 months b/c my tolerance was rapidly building. Fast forward 2 years: I am PREGNANT. I was taken off the medication cold turkey. At first, I was convinced that if I didn't come off of this drug while pregnant, I was nothing more than evil and selfish. I tried to come off and simply couldn't, especially with work obligations. I had old pills that I used to help wean myself off. I got myself down to 1mg/day when I ran out. My doc just wrote me a lower dosage script, after making me feel like a murderer. I am 5 months and so far, the baby is healthy and developing normally. I'll continue to wean and pray for my baby.
564	1.0	Put me in ICU loss of sense of danger and lots of black out, auditory hallucinations, loss of the ability to control my own movements (body made own actions without me even thinking of doing that) like being trapped in your own body but your body is a prison so you just watch your self doing all these things and you have no way to stop it was on 0.5 for five days
565	8.0	I was prescribed clonazepam 0.5mg twice a day for my anxiety and for restless leg syndrome. It works nice for anxiety and I feel it coming again and I don't wanna overdose on it. It doesn't help much with the RLS. I just went a week without it. Waiting for my refill to come in and then I take it for the first time in a week and I feel great. But once I start taking it every day, it won't work to it's full effect. Idk if I need a higher dose or a new brand but something has to change. Overall, it works. It really brings my heart rate down and calms me. It's just on some days I'll feel anxiety maybe twice a day and I don't wanna take double than I was prescribed. And for my RLS, I think I might need a whole new med for just that.
566	9.0	I'm 22/F have GAD &amp; anxiety for a long time. Just in the last year I've developed panic attacks. I quit my job, never left the house. It caused me to basically fear life itself. Doctor recommended klonopin .05mg at night. Benzos make me very drowsy starting out. So I was told to take 1/4 of the pill (.25) &amp; slowly increase every few days! I'm at a little over 1/2 &amp; I'm seeing a major difference. I still have some anxiety but I'm also still on a low dose. But this medicine allows me to think more clearly. I developed nausea &amp;  excessive belching after eating everything, when I started getting panic attacks &amp;I've seem to notice a difference in that as well. Considered about addiction though
567	9.0	I was prescribed this in 2013. I took as needed for my terrible anxiety attacks and was able to completely stop after I got pregnant in 2014. I had my baby &amp; got another script because I am experimenting some post partum depression. I also take celexa 20 mg. the klonapin is .5 twice a day. I usually only take one and break it in half (.25) and use it for my situational anxiety. These pills are very easy to get addicted to and you can build a tolerance so please take with precaution. That being said, I would recommend for anyone with bad anxiety disorders. They kick in after about 15 minutes. I refer to them as my little miracle pills. God bless.
568	9.0	I can take 0.5 mg twice a day as needed. Some days I don't take it. It helps so much even with my depression. I take one of these if I'm planning on killing myself because I'm suicidal every day,  &amp; the urge wil pass once this calms me down.  I take it for anxiety, panic attacks,  &amp; twitches/seizures.
569	10.0	I switched to Klonopin from Xanax and Doxepin because Klonopin is not addictive and had no side effect.  Could not drive for months my new car, but when Klonopin was added to Zoloft I was able to drive and deal with every day routine as a normal person.
570	1.0	Took .5 mg in am and 1.5 mg in pm for 7 days as prescribed for anxiety. Unfortunately, I experienced a paradoxical reaction to this medication, resulting in extremely high anxiety, depression, irritability, etc., which led to a stay in the hospital. I know paradoxical reactions are considered to be rare - just be aware if you take this med and you feel worse, talk to your doctor right away.
571	8.0	klonopin was fast-acting and highly-effective for my anxiety. Be aware though! Very bad experiences developed on the few occasions I couldn't get a refill. The withdraw is immediate and the world literally stops. I could not think, eat or breathe properly. Eventually I began taking it just to avoid withdraw symptoms. I took it for ten years and got slowly weaned off of it.
572	10.0	Upping my 10mg Paxil dose to 20mg sparked quite a few anxiety episodes for me. My doctor said the Paxil would take 2.5 weeks for the new increased dosage to kick in, so in the meantime he prescribed me 0.5mg of klonopin to take twice a day (morning and night). A year ago, when I initially started Paxil (after a terrible 6 weeks of trying Zoloft), I took a Xanax because the anxiety was so bad. For some reason, the Xanax made me so depressed. Anyway, my first dose of klonopin was awesome and has been sense then, (about a week ago). It took an hour for me to start to realize that I wasn't anxious anymore, and I seemed to be really productive and felt normal, which is a great feeling! Klonopin is awesome for us who have generalized anxiety.
573	10.0	I am going through a very difficult time in my life with my fiance being diagnosed with stage 4 renal failure. I am the sole provider of our family and was waking up to what felt like someone scared me or a heart attack. It was so scary and when I addressed this to my Dr. He informed me that it was stress waking me up out of a dead sleep. I have had stress and anxiety before but this was entirely different from what I've been through before. I started taking this and ever since then I've been so grateful. I still have stress  but I can manage it now and don't feel like I'm going to die in the middle of the night.
574	8.0	Definitely helps me. I deal with a lot of social anxiety. So anytime me and my wife plan on going out or doing a lot of shopping etc., I'll take 0.5 mg and take an extra one with me just in case. I just take it as needed, and I usually feel the effects within half an hour. I don't experience the sleepy side effects. But it definitely calms me down. So if I'm feeling anxious before bed, I'll take one and it helps me sleep, because it calms me. I don't take it often, 90 pills lasted me a whole year. I would recommend this drug if you need some help from time to time with anxiety. I don't have experience with taking it on a daily basis.
575	10.0	Excellent for anxiety, keeps you calm,better than diazepam or xanax, or oxazepam, taken 4mg in the morning, helps me sleep at night. Been on it for about 5 years now. Tried all those horrible SSRIs which make you really sick. Stops feelings of anger, also really helps your self esteem.
576	1.0	Initial relief. Grew tolerant of the drug within 2 weeks. Went from 1 mg as needed and was legitimately prescribed 5 mg as needed. Would end up taking 5-6 mg. The inner dose withdrawal was horrible and led to suicidal thoughts because the pain was so bad. The inner dose withdrawal could have been 2 hours after taking a pill. Was feeling my mental capacity fizzle away after a year of use and decided to get off it. Which led to 5 monhts of weening and 16 more months (and counting) of severe horrific withdrawal state. Every symptom imaginable. You feel like you're a dead zombie. Still struggling to finish sentences and talk 16 months out. Do not recommend to anyone. Find other solutions, please. Most doctors are clueless of the hell.
577	9.0	I do like this medicine because it helps me to control my nervousness and instant reactions to stimuli much better than without it. I almost can pretend I'm normal.  And because of its long shelf-life, if I want to reduce my dose because it can make me feel moody and lethargic after continuously taking it for a while...there's no side effects other than feeling better. Its easy to manage my own mood by upping or lowering my intake on the same prescription. I may go a week without it and feel fine, but when I start to get heart palpitations and my mind blanks out when I'm confronted, I begin to take it again. That way it helps me to stabilize but I'm not relying on it ALL the time.
578	9.0	I've battled with anxiety most of my life. In the last six months I've suffered greatly from severe anxiety due to changes at work. The nurse practitioner I was seeing put me on Lexapro, Risperidone, and Remeron for sleep. Nothing was working, and I was not sleeping at all, I mean literally not sleeping more than one hour night, I was not eating barely anything. It got so bad but I put my notice in at work. The nurse practitioner would not prescribe any benzodiazepine because she was worried about my history of substances abuse with alcohol. I ended up trying to kill myself by stabbing myself seven times and overdosing on my prescription medication. After that I went back to my previous psychiatrist and she prescribed me on Clonazapam. I'm now back to work and I'm feeling much better. I wish this was prescribed to me sooner.
579	7.0	I was diagnosed with PTSD and GAD after 2 tours in combat. I began to suffer from anxiety in 2009, I was prescribed Zoloft and Klonopin .25mg (as needed). Klonopin was an immediate relief for unexpected anxiety attacks. 15 minutes later I was functional again. After 2 years, Zoloft destroyed my libido. So I took myself off and relied only on Klonopin. It began as needed, then 2 a week, once everyday, and finally twice a day. The anxieties were reoccurring quite often, I quickly built a dependence to get me through the day. It turns out that I was getting anxiety due to my addiction to klonopin. I decided to get off cold turkey (not recommended) and I went through 2 weeks of withdrawals. its a quick relief but addictive. be careful!
580	10.0	I have suffered from panic attacks for 25 years, I was almost 6 years free of them in celexa after years of Ativan   So I went on klonipin and I think it works very good , slow at first but 1-1.5 mg a day and I feel like I have my life back.  Very good.
581	9.0	One of the only things that really helps my anxiety and panic attacks. It definitely improves my quality of life.
582	3.0	I was prescribed Clonazepam on a situational basis, to help manage infrequent but severe anxiety attacks. Although I do find this drug does help to take the edge off in stressful situations like an interview or a crowded concert, the side effects and withdrawal symptoms are far too negative. While on it I feel drowsy and forgetful, and the next day and even up to two or three days later, I get depressed (more than I normally am) and cry A LOT. The last time I took it I had severe depression and even suicidal thoughts (which I never have really had before) for two full days after. That scared me enough to not want to ever take it again.. I highly recommend being careful and doing your research when it comes to Clonazepam.
583	9.0	I tried several other medications to treat my anxiety and panic attacks, this is the only medication that made me feel good without feeling like a zombie..
584	9.0	I started taking this medication to replace Xanax in the early 90's.  I am now 44 and have been on .5mg-2mg/day of this drug for almost 25 years.  I also take sertraline (Zoloft) and buspirone (Buspar) for my depression, anxiety, panic, and OCD- all of which I've suffered with since childhood.  The Clonazepam has been a wonderful drug which has allowed me time free from the agony of anxiety.  It has also caused me problems with drowsiness and memory.  Withdrawal has been manageable on a couple of occasions.  I am currently on .25mg/day/prn and am trying to get off of it completely per my MD.  The couple of time I came off of it precipitously to avoid drug screenings at work were some of the worst times of my life.
585	10.0	"I was on Klonopin just recently to help my anxiety (since then I've been switched to Abilify and Effexor to help, but I may be put back on again). 
I feel anxiety basically all day, everyday. It always wells within me.
Klonopin helped take the edge off of my anxiety so I could feel like I could actually breathe. I was disappointed that I was taken off, but at least I may be put back on again. It helps so much when you have terrible anxiety and need something to help you."
586	9.0	After years of increasing my dosage of Xanax to a dangerous level of treatment, I've finally found a benzodiazepine that works the same every time. It has worked this way for over a year and a half. I am taking 2mg as needed. Taking it on an empty stomach is crucial for full effects.
587	10.0	The best anti-anxiety drug I've taken, bar none. Xanax works for me as well but Klonopin seems to have a more subtle, drawn-out effect on me. I can take it at day or at night, it doesn't make me sleepy but I rest better when I take it. Takes a little while to kick in, but that's not a problem for me. Just an all-around godsend.
588	10.0	I just started taking it so my body still has to adjust but I notice that I have gotten some sleep. I have an extremely  important  medical issues going on right now. 
589	9.0	I've been taking 1mg of Klonopin daily for 3.5 years, after the sudden death of my father.  At the time, my anxiety was a 10 and Klonopin allowed me to continue working and raising my 4 kids.  I consider Klonopin an absolute miracle drug that probably saved my life.  My psychiatrist, and 2 other consulted doctors,  don't express the least amount of concern about using 1 mg of Klonopin daily perhaps indefinitely.  However, I went 42 years without taking a prescription drug and it really is my hope to not need Klonopin for much longer.  The notion that Benzos should not be taken beyond 4 weeks is purely irrational. Find a good doctor!!!
590	1.0	I've been on klonopin for over a decade. It helped with the anxiety for a really short time but I still had to self manage which is why I rate it 1 star. The only reason I was on it for so long was because the doctor told me I would be a lifer on it. I'm finally off of this medication and I am suffering severe withdrawal. I have had insomnia for 8 mths off of it. I think it's best to manage sleep or anxiety issues on your own because being on this stuff is not worth it. Klonopin made it difficult to get up in the mornings, I felt irritable and groggy for years. My anxiety on it would skyrocket. I also had a difficult time remembering things, studying, and learning new information. I don't recommend this drug at all.
591	10.0	most potent and reliable  prefer over xanax.... xanax is for sometimes.. only klonopin end up stronger each dose it gets a little stronger so you don't always need another pill
592	10.0	Clonazepam is very effective for anxiety.I had been on Xanax for years,then became ineffective.Some in Medical community tried to get me  on Visterol,Paxil,Remeron,all useless garbage if you have extreme panic.If used safely Clonazepam quells the bad symptoms.
593	10.0	I have severe panic and anxiety attacks and have for over 20 years. When I tried to go off this medication, lowering my dosage slowly because of a pregnancy, I ended up with the bad anxiety again. Needless to say I ended up going back on and my son was born perfectly ( at the time 20 years ago they were not sure of long term effects) if anything he is smarter than my other 2 children. I also take an anti depresent that works very well with it. I definitely recommend this medication. I am on a higher dose probably more than most I take 2mg in the morning and 2mg at night. Probably because my depression is worse than it was but the anxiety is finally under control
594	10.0	"This is a wonderful drug for anxiety. I received immediate help...20 years ago! Since my initial dosage of 0.5 mg/day increased to 4 mg/day. This drug almost ruined my life and marriage. I became completely oblivious to my surroundings and to the people close to me. I did not know what was happening. Fortunately my wife pointed out to me how damaging Clonazepam had become. Beware: The withdrawal side effects are far worse than the original problems I started taking the drug for. It's ironic that the withdrawal side effects mimic what I was being treated for: anxiety, head/neck brain ""zaps"", inability to sleep, inability to care, complete detachment from my surroundings, etc. This drug should not be used long term. Withdrawal: Very slow."
595	10.0	Great medication for anxiety! I've been on clonazepam for about 3 weeks now and my anxiety has subsided immensely. I take .5mg twice a day along with 3mg of Lunesta at night and never have I felt better in my entire life! I can finally live and sleep and be happy. Changed my life for the better. :)
596	9.0	I have had anxiety for as long as I can remember, but just had a horrible Doctor. My anxiety turned me to abusing drugs, alcohol, opiates, and even Benzos. I finally got clean and still had anxiety, but thought I would never get this script with my history. I finally found a Dr. who took a chance and trusted me. Clonazopam on a regular dose has helped me in so many ways. I'm prescribes 4 1 mg tabs a day, even though I don't usually take that much, along with wellbutrin.  I'm no longer experiencing anxiety or panic attacks and best of all don't feel the need to get high in order to get rid of it. clonazepam has saved my life along with suboxone. Any Dr who thinks these 2 drugs shouldn't be mixed is stopping the best opiate recovery.
597	2.0	I am on Zoloft 200mg. a day.  Have been taking Xanax 1mg. 3 or 4 x day.  My Dr. wants to switch me to Klonopin .5  2x day instead, but it does not seem to be helping.  I don't seem to feel any relief from the Klonopin.
598	6.0	works great the only thing is it makes me sleepy so if I was working or driving it would not bearable to do it....
599	10.0	"Started with an SSRI for anxiety and it just didn't work. Finally got prescribed this benzo Klonopin and it's perfect! I take 0.5mg, but when I take it, my anxiety goes away. I feel like I can do anything, with a clear mind of course. I don't have to hide away anymore. I thought this drug might make me ""stoned"" or something, but really all I experience is, after about 15 min, a general clear-minded sense of well-being and it works for a while. Good stuff."
600	2.0	I was on this medication for approximately 5 years.  The last couple of years, I had increasing anxiety and depression.  I never increased my initial dose of 2 mg. at night to help with sleep.  My PDoc continued to insist that it was not the Klonopin that was causing my anxiety and depression.  Who knows?  I weaned myself off of the medication SLOWWLY over 4 months.  It really took me that amount of time, even that may have been too fast for me.  When it works, it's a helpful me.  Problem is that many people tend to build a tolerance to the med and will likely need to increase the dose to get the same effect, hence feelings of withdrawal that can come on automatically.  I know everyone has his/her own opinion about this drug.
601	10.0	I have been on kolonopin for almost a year now &amp; it has been an absolute life saver! I had horrible panic attacks, scared to drive, couldn't even go shopping without getting dizzy and anxious.  Anxiety has taken over my life, the panic attacks are so scary I thought I was going to die. I'm very greatful to have this medicine.  I've heard of problems with dependency but I don't know what I'd do without it, I'm also on zoloft &amp; I feel like I have my life back!
602	10.0	Iv'e been on clonazopam for several years now and let me tell ya, i dont leave home without it. It's almost more important to know that i have some readily available or have some at all, than it is to take it. I guess that's the fear of the fear syndrome...hehehe. iv'e had anxiety/panic disorder ever sinse I ret from the Army and quit drinking alcohol. I reckon all my held down by addiction emotions decided to come to the surface. It was terrible with all the panic attacks and ive been on every Anti depressant thats ever been manufactured, some worked , some didnt. But then there was clonazopam, my knightess in shining armor hehehe. Yes, i'm on 2.5mg twice dailyand a lttle more if needed, but i rarely have panic attacks anymore. Love it.
603	9.0	I was prescribed Paxil when I was 25 for panic attacks and took it for a few years. It helped but gave me sexual side effects. It was making me have a hard time to ejaculate. I changed to citalopram 20mg when I was 28. It has been workin well until now, Im 35. Two ago I stopped taking it an I was doing fine. A month ago I had a few drinks and decided to do a little cocaine. Bad move. My anxiety exploded. Started taking 30mg of citalopram daily since then. It still doesnt work after a month so my doctor prescribed me .5 Clonazepam when needed. When I feel really anxious, I take .25 and it wards off any anxiety. I feel back to normal. I hope the citalopram will start its effect soon and I dont have to take Clonazepam anyone but it helps.
604	10.0	my doctor originally only prescribed lexapro 10mg/day which never really helped. After my first checkup I told him this and then gave me clonazepam .5mg 2x/day as needed added to my lexapro. It has helped tremendously and I can finally feel like myself again. I generally still have to take at least one a day but at even such a low dosage it helps! And best part about it is is that I don't feel doped up and/or fatigued like I was afraid of.
605	9.0	Day 1 on clonazepam.... this drug is awesome! I know there are tons of side effects but not being able to sleep good for a year is worth the possible risk. I was on it before and nothing happened so I should be good. I also only need .25mg of it because my body absorbs it really good. And the wellbutrin I'm on seems to help kick the major fatigue that I remember from last time.First night and i got 7 hrs of straight sleep for the first time in years. I really hope it continues to help me. I know it can be addictive so I'm going to try only taking it until the wellbutrin I just started is fully in my system. We will see how this goes, but so far so good.
606	10.0	Have been taking 2 to 2.5 mg per day for many years. The only med that has alleviated my anxiety. Am 67 and have had the problem since childhood. Don't know why but it's too late to unravel. Suspect I'm wired that way or its hereditary. Was very successful but life was a constant struggle until I got help at age 48. Would not want to be without it despite the docs concerns about addiction. The horror stories about withdrawal are over blow. I wean off once in 6 weeks. No re-occuring issues. Therapy never had any lasting effect. Too late to consider stopping now and I don't know why I should. The trend against these meds is unfortunate. 
607	10.0	I'm writing this in case anyone else is in my position of being afraid of takings this out of the fear of it making you high, since so many people have voiced strong opposing opinions about Klonopin. I was in the same exact position of being afraid of taking it, even though those around me (which is part of something I have to learn..accepting that people know what they're talking about when it comes to anxiety) were telling me that nothing would happen. It took me a spur of the moment gather of courage to take Klonopin..and now I can say that *when needed*, I love Klonopin. It melts away anxiety and leaves a dent in depersonalization (if you struggle) and allows you to function and level off for a few days afterwards.
608	10.0	I went through severe panic and anxiety that debilitated my life. I experienced shakes, suicidal thoughts, fear for no reason, fast throbbing heart beat, no sleep for ten days because of fear my body was dying, 38lb weight loss in 1month, vomiting, foggy mind, couldn't speak, and so much more. I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. I visited hospitals over 6 times with no answers but the doctor telling me I'm crazy smh. Went through gastic procedures and nothing was found but gerd which is a symptom of anxiety. I finally broke down and took the meds prescribed to me. Xanax was the only one that worked for a short time, and I had taken many medications. Clonazepam is working amazing with no side effects. I feel great along with Zoloft.
609	2.0	Must be the only person who does not think this is a wonder drug.  Had a nervous breakdown of sorts while already  taking zoloft for anxiety.   Was prescribed clonazepam and didnt touch the sides.  Avanza was added and i felt good for a month. Still take it 2 years later 3mg per day but am not a happy person
610	6.0	I take 1 mg at nite to sleep. It works for about 6 hrs. However, I am having hair loss so I'm upset about that. I also take 20 mg Celexa.
611	9.0	I have suffered with anxiety and panic attacks since I was 7. I'm currently 33 and just discovered Klonopin. I was on Paxil for 12 years and it was a miracle pill until I built tolerance to it and it stopped working. I've recently switched to Zoloft and it's been a rough road. However my psychiatrist put me on klonopin to help ease the anxiety and it has been amazing. I only need .25 mg 2 to 3 times a day, but it gave me the ability to function. Even with withdrawal from Paxil and start up side effects from Zoloft, I can still keep my head straight. Anxiety and panic are dibilatating and when I weigh my options, I'd pick klonopin everytime.
612	8.0	My daily medicine is actually Effexor for severe combat PTSD but I have a high dose of klonopin as a PRN take as needed and in bad cases once my triggers are set off. It does a good job at helping me refocus and calm down. My doses have increased over time due to me apparently getting used to it but it is still effective
613	10.0	Have taken 2.5 mg a day for 20 years without side effects. Weaned off once in 6 weeks. Convinced I suffered anxiety due to hereditary or deep rooted experienced too deep to ever unravel through therapy. Was successful business exec but was always constrained and my personal life didn't exist. Suffered and suffered! Went to an Ivy League school and never spoke to a woman. The dependency is over blown. I weaned off once in 6 weeks.  The drug made my life bearable otherwise I would chose not to be here.
614	6.0	"I have taken Klonopin for 10 years for anxiety. Dr. started me at 0.5mg/day. Because of increased anxiety, my dosage was increased slowly to (3) 2mg doses per day. I was at 6mg/day for several years. It calmed my anxiety and helped me to sleep very well.
I went on a 2 day trip 3 years ago and forgot my medication. I was up all night and realized that I was dependent on Klonopin. In the past 3 years I have slowly decreased my dosage to 1mg at night and 1mg in the morning. I have been at this dosage for 1 year. If I forget to take this Klonopin dosage, I get very anxious. I want to decrease dosage more, 1/4 mg at a time. Klonopin absolutely helps with my anxiety, I just didn't know I shouldn't have taken the high dosage that I was on."
615	10.0	Been amazing for me
616	5.0	The Klonopin helped my anxiety very much, probably to a level of 8 or 9 out of ten.  However, after a few years, trying to taper off of it is proving to be a living nightmare and I am experiencing Benzo Withdrawal Syndrome.  It's absolutely awful and I can see why some people are never able to stop taking it,
617	10.0	I've been on Klonopin for over 15 years now at low dose. I have actually decreased my dose over time, and yes, I am dependent on it...not addicted. This drug gave me my life back. I have/had severe panic disorder since age 16 and was declared legally disable to it because of how bad and frequent the attacks were along with severe agoraphobia. Since starting the Klonopin I have been able to go into grocery store, sit in a movie theater, walk more than half a block from my home, go to a gym, drive a car, etc. I still may have some days where I can't do everything I want, but the change has been dramatic. I have always had Xanax as a rescue med and am down to using it only a half a dozen times per year. This drug has been a miracle for me.
618	10.0	Much like the other posters have said, this drug is a life-saver. Dealing with crippling anxiety was impacting my life and work. Once I got placed on it everything just kinda fell into place. I did not worry about everything, sleep came easier, and the over all feeling was that I was normalized and could carry on. One caveat to this is that the feeling it does give is beautiful but it has a strong appeal to stay at that level. Probably be on this drug for life.
619	9.0	Best med for those who suffer from constant anxiety. It helps me a lot with my social anxiety in particular. I take 1 mg 3x daily. Been on that dosage for 2 years now. Have had no bad side effects. This drug has been a lifesaver for me. I've had anxiety for as long as I can remember. I think I will probably be on this med for life. Never stop taking it cold turkey or you will go through a nasty withdrawal. It happened to me once several years ago when the doctor suddenly had me stop it with no warning or taper schedule.  It's best to slowly taper off.
620	8.0	"Clonazepam (Klonopin) works wonderfully for anxiety. I love that it is nonaddictive, there's not need to take it everyday for it to work. Having a stressful day that you can't handle, (with my boarderline personality disorder this happens a lot), just take a pill or two to ease the edge. The feelings of anger are still there, but it relaxes the tension in your mind and body to rid the potency of the anger, so it is more tolerable.

it is also 100% covered by medicaid, but without insurance, the cost for a prescription of .5mg for 90 pills a month is less than $3"
621	10.0	I was on Klonopin for 16 yrs. now side effects. Been off for three years now going through life changes I am experiencing a lot of panic attacks and anxiety racing thoughts scared to be alone and running to try to avoid these feeling. But, it wouldn't stop. Now I am on Klonopin again for a little help to get through this tough time so I can think. Klonopin is my choice because I have been on it for so long I know what it does for me. When I need it and when I don't. Like I said before I haven't had a side effect and after I take just on pill I feel great clear thinking and focused.  A lot of people can't take Klonopin but for me it's my life savor.
622	7.0	"Positive. Though variations in different generic companies product.
i notice difference in effectivnes. And potency vary from one generic verses 
Another generic manufacturer  So patient really should understand there are subtle differences that can  be noticed with attention to detail. And careful analysis."
623	10.0	Anger. Anxiety. Stomach in a knot. Wanting to die. Then I take my Klonopin and a warm feeling envelops me. I'm suddenly calm. I'm reasonable and rational. The violence in my heart temporarily melts away. I'm not angry anymore. I take a short vacation from misery. Then I blissfully drift off to sleep. I won't take it often because I don't want to become addicted. But when things get unbearable, my Klonopin soothes my racing mind.
624	8.0	Helps for a while but then seems to decrease in effectiveness over time
625	10.0	This has been the ONLY medication that has completely put a stop to my severe social anxiety/panic attacks. I've been on it for about a week. I am on .5 mg twice a day and I am able to actually leave my house and get stuff done without that cloud of anxiety over my head. About and hour to kick in and it lasts me usually 6 hours. Then I take another around 3pm. If I find it hard to sleep I take a 3rd one right before bed and snooze away like a baby. Never have I been able to wake before 7am with no anxiety and energy for the day. I have had no side effects and I am VERY sensitive to medication. I have no plans of stopping because this med changed my life in just one day
626	8.0	The medication itself works very well for nerve and anxiety, however, other people don't like me on it. I either am sleeping or nodding or just an ass. You can also black out on this med and do some seriously dumb potential hurt yourself. Be careful and take as little as you can get by with.
627	8.0	I took Klonopin daily for about a year due to a bout with anxiety and depression. I was put on an AD and added this after a few weeks as the AD was not helping my anxiety or depression. I took 0.25-0.5mg twice per day most of the time and had to change my AD twice over the first several months to get on the right one. Klonopin helped me alot during this time. I finally went back to Pristiq which had worked several years prior for me and after a few months was back to myself and with my Dr's OK I weaned off of the Klonopin and have been of it completely for almost two months now. I was terrified to stop it since I heard so many horror stories of benzo withdraw but I had no withdraw just as my Dr. had thought. Good luck!
628	8.0	Was warned about benzo's by my first psychiatrist but in all fairness I haven't seen a (major) dosage increase. I first started with .25mg when I needed it. Mostly at night to .5mg again mostly at night. To then routinely taking .5mg in the morning and at night. Never straying to take it any more doses per day because of said addiction warnings. I have had some lapses in taking the prescribed amount for a couple days of which I paid for with loss of sleep but with any negatives I've found for this drug the positives have outweighed the negatives significantly. The biggest negative for me is the controlled substance and the hoops one must go through in order to maintain a routine for the medication.
629	7.0	"Okay, here is the thing with Klonopin. It's a drug that works perfectly. There is literally no way to be anxious on a high enough dose, and benzos will be your saving grace if you are suffering from several panic attacks a day or even if you're catatonic. It's also got a pretty good record for being safe, far as I know.

Here's the bad part. Any drug that works too well, that allows you to feel too good on it, runs a high risk of dependency. Not only that, withdrawal from this drug is miserable and painful if not done currently and under supervision. You'll be told this is ""not abusable as Xanax"" because Xanax is common among recreational drug users. That's a fallacy. Klonopin is very easy to double up on and abuse. Do not mix with alcohol."
630	9.0	I was prescribed 0.5 mgs twice a day as needed. Usually take it in the morning around 8 or 9 am and take the other around 7 or 8 pm. Klonopin is a life saver!! I was on Xanax before, but found that it made me zombie like and no matter how little or how much I would take, it didn't help my social anxiety like I needed, which is what I needed help for the most. I've been on klonopin for a few months and have never felt better since my anxiety started to emerge (about 3 1/2 years ago, I'm 21 now) it's definitely boosted my confidence especially in social situations. I'm also been prescribed 60mg of adderall a day, have been for over 10 years. Both combined definitely help when working.
631	10.0	"Before this pill I had taken a many different anti-depressant as my family doctor stated that this would with my anxiety as well. This is BS! Anti-depressants only stunted my ability to do, act and everything else good about life. Yah sure it subdued my anxiety but over a long period and never consistent. 

I finally saw a psychiatrist and she prescribed Clonazepam and within a week my anxiety was at bay. My creative side returned, my libido came roaring back, all in all I was myself again, without the debilitating effects of my anxiety."
632	9.0	I have suffered panic attacks and anxiety since I was 14 and was always an anxious child,  I am 62 now. I have tried just about every medication on the market and none of them worked.  I was lucky enough to find a Dr that said a new drug Klonopin that was a seizure med may help my attacks. I haven't had an attack in years.  Although I still take it now I am having pvc's.  Klonopin will most of the time stop them. I have always taken it at night but I am gonna try a half during the day.   I will be seeing a Cardiologist
633	10.0	I was prescribed clonazepam, 2mg, 3 times a day for 6 years. I was dropped because my doctor moved out of state. It is The only one that has ever helped to calm my anxiety. I need a new doctor that understands.
634	7.0	"Hi,
Almost two years ago, I started on a dose of 0.5mg of Klonopin twice a day (or as needed) along with 20 mg of Celexa (citalopram).  I would say Klonopin is an effective drug and useful for treating anxiety and panic attacks.   However, my advice would be to make sure that you are working with your doctor if deciding to cut down on/taper off of Klonopin.  I weaned my dose off without talking to my doc a few times.  Mostly OK (days of some side effects notwithstanding), however, once it was pretty bad.  I recall feeling -- edgy -- all day at work, and then later that night feeling horrible.  I didn't want to eat, I cried, and I kept having anxious thoughts.  I would not recommend leaving Klonopin cold turkey unless you really feel ready."
635	10.0	When I was young I used to suffer from anxiety.  After the years its stop on its own. Now that I am living alone all my anxiety came back.  I been taking them for 8 months and let me tell you is the only thing that works. I can now sleep and love to come home. Before I used to get so scared thinking of death all the time. I used to wake up my two kids at 2 in the morning thinking I was dying and I will drive to my moms house. Now I feel like I am living a Normal life.
636	10.0	Where to start?  Anxiety kicked in back in my childhood from a mother who needed HRT but it was not readily available back then and she, well, she hurt us a lot. Then about 4 years ago my husband was in a near fatal car accident and a year after that we had to put our daughter into a psych ward for about 3 weeks. Long story there, but my anxiety was out of control. Pounding heart as soon as I woke up and all day long. The thought of taking a shower was almost overwhelming. A shower!  So my Dr put me on Klonopin. Amazing. Helped me so much. Then his clinic couldn't prescribe it for a few months due to laws that were passed and then amended. So I was off of it for about a year. So very horrible. But back on and grateful!!
637	9.0	I have been on this anxiolytic longer than any other, &amp; I feel that it works the best at controlling my panic attacks.
638	9.0	"Best ever.  I take very small amount and then a whole yellow pilll to sleep.

It helps GAD, insomnia, and my RL 
S .  

I never and drive, nor do I use it work.Never make me high :) 

Works for me!!"
639	10.0	I was on clonazepam about 3/4 years ago for about 6-1 year.... Best moments in my life I was very socially active had many friends, went to school graduated from school. I was able to sleep very well. The reason I had to get on the medications in the first place is because my anxiety was acting up, I couldn't sleep, I would behave very wildly at times. I took 3 mg a day . 1 mg in the morning and 2 mg at night. I became a Christian and I tapered of the meds, I believe meds should be taken short term less than 6 months . I wanna get back on klonopin 2mgs at night 3 if they say so but just 2 is fine with me. I've been through much trauma I'm currently on gabapentin and it's not helpin as klonopin gabap is similar to klonopin.
640	8.0	Helped my anxiety. Was already taking Lexapro added 0.5 mg of Klonopin no more anxiety attacks.
641	10.0	Works great. As soon as I take it my anxiety its gone.
642	9.0	This medicine helped with my anxiety a lot. I tend to get very anxious during the night and it can keep me up at times. I'm on 0.5 mg and its works great! I finally get to sleep and not constantly worry about things. Although one downside is when I wake up. I still feel sedated and tired for about 3 hours but overall a very good medicine.
643	9.0	I am a very outgoing college student.. The type of person who can literally talk to anyone. However, when you put me on the spot or if I have to give a 10 minute presentation I can hardly think straight. My doctor was soo sweet and prescribed me 0.5 mg Clonazepam. I use it for situation anxiety. (Twice a month) and it has given me so much more assurance in myself. I also avoid caffiene when taking it before a presentation and I walk in the class way more focused on what I am going to say instead of worrying about my nerves!
644	7.0	I cannot take antidepressants, so I was put n Xanax and then Ativan as needed. I have general anxiety without anxiety attacks and sleep okay but wake early. Dr. Recommended Clonazepam to take as needed. I take 0.5 mg. most days plus at night. Takes the edge of daytime anxiety and helps me sleep well at night. Dr. Said that the low dose I take should not cause problems if I stop and I have no withdrawal symptoms if I do not take any. I also do regular exercise which greatly helps my anxiety and a drink at night can help too.
645	9.0	Amazing drug for general anxiety and to take on a schedule, not for panic attacks.This is more like for anxiety prevention drug to relax during the day or night and helps with muscle relaxation, without sedation at low doses. Takes about 45 minutes to start feeling full effects with onset at 25 minutes. This also does not make me feel tired like Xanax that comes on fast.
646	10.0	I have been through so many different treatments for my depression and social anxiety. When I started klonopin I was rx'ed 0.5mg daily but it did not help very well so doctor went up to 1 mg daily. All of my other treatments left me feeling suicidal or extremely angry. This one lets me get through my day without panicking when I am forced into conversation. However, I have been informed that this will likely have to be upped or changed in a few years as people tend to become tolerant of the drug.
647	10.0	Klonopin is the best benzodiazepine in my opinion for any sort of anxiety disorders. It helps me the most I have SAD GAD and PTSD. This medicine lets me feel calm, at ease, and I can speak my mind. .5mg is all one needs and it lasts about 8 hours for me, and the long half life keeps my anxiety levels lower than usual If I don't take it the next day.
648	10.0	It's the only medication that works for my social anxiety, and I have tried a lot of medications.
649	7.0	Was on this for 6 years. Helped a lot with anxiety but made me a drugged out zombie who seemed drunk all the time. Warning will impair your judgment. I think it takes an hour to work so the panic attack I was trying to stop is usually over by then. But it helps with the next one. I was on .25 them went up to 1 mg 3x a day. Dependence and tolerance happened. It helped but I want to be me. If you aren't going to drive or have to make any important life choices do not take this 24 hours before. The life is 72 hours. Hard to withdrawal from. Withdrawal can have effects for months to years. Be aware of that. Dangerous drug. It and xanax should be last resort. Last. Resort. Panic attacks usually only last a minute this takes longer to recover frm
650	9.0	Klonopin helps me sleep, stop my mind from racing, stop my chest pains and tremors. I have had severe anxiety for years. I have taken Xanax. Although Xanax is faster acting Klonopin lasts longer.
651	10.0	I am going through difficult period of my life. Breaking my family apart, switching jobs and I have to still function on full speed..take care of my son half time, work and other stuff. For me it is the hardest time ever. But thanks to clonazepam I can go through it pretty well and I am making life change that will be wonderful then. I hope I can get of clonazepam one time. I take 7 months approximately 0.5 mg a day. Sometimes I go several days without but most of them this dosage. Sometimes I take it twice a day. After my life changes will be done, I plan use clonazepam only for specific situations. Big meetings or business trips. I am a little bit socialy anxious, but not much. I know I have to be careful with this drug. Take care.
652	10.0	"Have had anxiety disorder since teenage years, now 50 years old. Had major attack about 3 years ago, went to ER with heart palpitations and felt like I was loosing grasp.  After no sleep for about a week started on 0.50 milligram  Klonopin felt relief within 15 minutes.  Have been taking it ever since.  I find low doses to work best for me but have no desire to stop taking the medicine.

 "
653	10.0	I take as needed .5mg, more if needed. Works great, no side effects. Just knowing I have this 'safety net' gives me piece of mind.
654	9.0	This medicine worked wonders and literally overnight. I hurt my back and was given 90 baclofen. After I stopped taking the it completely I started having major issues (which I later found out was extreme anxiety). From the second I woke up (I wasn't able to sleep more than an hour or two 3if I was lucky a night) till the time I fell asleep I had this feeling as if something was innately wrong and I couldn't figure out what it was. Everyone said I was overly stressed, but before even taking baclofen I was more stressed than I was after. I had nothing to worry about anymore, but wasn't able to sleep, interact with people, eat... I went to the dr and he prescribed me klonopin and I felt normal again. I feel as though a weight has been lifted.
655	9.0	I have anxiety disorder and ocd which has made me depressed over the years. I have tried various SSRI's and some antipsychotics, none of which seemed to help with my overwhelming anxiety obsessional thoughts and compulsions. They also gave me unwanted side effects. I am very scared when it comes to taking medication, and will only take a pill if i really need too. The only thing that seems to help in easing my mind is Klonopin! I have no noticeable side effects from taking it . It makes me feel like my old self, helps me to be focused and relaxed, and gives me the confidence to do more things. I would definitely recommend this medication for other anxiety sufferers out there.
656	10.0	Calm, sleep good, eat good, been on 5 years doing great.
657	9.0	I've suffered from severe anxiety and panic disorder since I was very young. Through the years I've taken many different medications prescribed by my physicians and have seen little relief. Those that have helped don't last very long and then the symptoms return. I've wish I didn't require any medication, however Clonazepam is the only one that provides the relief I need when life gets difficult.
658	3.0	I have severe panic attacks and bipolar. I used to be on Xanax for six years. Now my Obamacare new Dr refuses. Klonopin doesn't help my panic attacks. A little calm but makes me very angry and mean. Not as strong as Xanax. Doesn't help anxiety attacks, takes too long. My heart still races.
659	1.0	Makes me feel very depressed and anxious and agitated . It makes me feel suicidal and I can't sleep.
660	9.0	I use it for social anxiety and continuous thoughts, it works well and now I am far away from continuously thinking about things which are of no importance, but it makes me dizzy too, taking it for months 0.5 mg at night with 0.5 mg alprazolam at day time and 20 mg escitalopram.
661	10.0	Recently I had a rough bout with anxiety.  From out of nowhere I just lost faith in myself due to some life circumstances and an overload of work. I was losing sleep and spiraling downward at an amazing rate.  I decided to talk to my doctor who prescribed Klonopin.  With the first dose I felt immediate relief and to avoid dependency I only took 0.25 mg at night until I was started on an SSRI. My doctor favored the SSRI approach as better in the long run. After three months on Klonopin every day, and after the SSRI kicked in, I stepped off the Klonopin without any withdrawals like you read about on the internet. I think the key is to take the lowest dose you can or only as prescribed. The medicine worked wonders for me!
662	10.0	I was originally prescribed 0.5 mg of Klonopin once a day with Zoloft 50mg once a day. It worked for a while but stopped and soon after, my doctor prescribed me to Klonopin 1mg once a day and Zoloft 100mg once a day.. After just three days I felt amazing results and like a changed person. No more stress, anxiety, panic or depression. Wonderful medicine to take. Just remember to meditate, walk, and stay outdoors to also help. You've got to also help yourself without relying on the medicines but they still work.
663	10.0	I suffer from Tinnitus, which causes me great anxiety.  My doctor put me on Klonopin 3 times a day 0.5 mg along with Ambien and Celexa once a day.  I feel so much better.  I am able to ignore the noise, and when I do hear it...it don't go into panic mode.  I am sleeping better than ever.
664	10.0	Clonazepam is the best medicine I've ever taken.  I've been dealing with anxiety most of my life.  Clonazepam makes me more relaxed, eliminates my racing, worrying thoughts, and lets me get back to enjoying life again.  It even gets rid of my dizziness brought on by stress.
665	9.0	I was prescribed 3mg a day but don't want to take that much so I am trying hard to tapper to 2mg I am at 2.25mg. I still sometimes feel a little bit of anxiety not real bad but catch myself starting to get in my head and then I will breath and talk myself out of my head but why can't the medicine just keep me out of my head all the time. I never had any anxiety or panic disorder, I have always had manageable obsessive compulsive disorder. Will I ever feel like me again? I know if I am not careful I would  become home bound and just sit and waste. I have a young daughter and it is not fair for her. The Klonopin does work but I feel like I can feel it wear off or that it is coming time for my next dose, or is that all in my crazy head.
666	10.0	"Many people are unreasonably scared of Klonopin's bad withdrawal dramas.
Well... It is true. It is a painful process to get away from Klonopin once you stepped into its comfortable zone, but I want to say I would rather feel relaxed and comfortable than struggling with unnecessary anxiety caused by Neurotransmitter unbalances. 
This medication truly gave me a freedom from fear and agitation and get back to my life."
667	1.0	Made me EXTREMELY sleepy/Drowsy and didn't really feel a difference in my anxiety. Still searching.
668	9.0	I've been through a lot of loss in my life. Not quite sure if that's why but all of a sudden horrible panic attacks ! I also have equilibrium problems I can work and do most normal things but it's still a pain. My primary care prescribed this to me about 4 yrs ago. I love it. It definitely helps but now instead of a half milligram I am taking a whole once a day. But I guess my body has built a tolerance. 
669	10.0	Works Amazingly! Obliterated ALL my anxiety's
670	10.0	"It's almost as if I'm a new person, or the person I'm meant to be. 
My mind used to be filled with sad, negative, anxious thoughts but now they don't exist thanks to this pill. I still have some social anxiety but it's definitely not as bad as it used to be. I never wanted to admit that I needed medicine to help me, because seeing the way other pills made my friends act turned me off. Clonazepam really does work wonders for me, some say it makes them tired but it doesn't happen like that for me (just don't take it while drinking alcohol, found that out the hard way)."
671	10.0	This medicine obliterated my social anxiety,anxiety ,fear,phobia,paranoia,panic,worrying and racing thoughts! I can actually function again thanks to a little green pill. I feel like superman now! I'm no longer chained downed by my own mind! I've been battling through it for years and now it's finally gone! I can be outgoing again! I feel calm now.
672	10.0	I have social anxiety &amp; take this medication on an as needed basis. I have noticed a huge change in myself once I got the dosage right. I wouldn't be able to function in social situations without it.
673	10.0	"I am 60 &amp; have been on Klonopin for over 20 yrs. I have tried every thing under the sun, no kidding. I have not only anxiety, but chronic depression, bi-polar disorder,  limb jerking, panic attacks to the extreme. I am so sensitive to meds, it's scary. So when I find something that works I stick with it. I usually only take ""Brand Name"", good insurance, or I couldn't.  I'll tell you from experience, if you stick with an exact time line on taking it, rather than as needed, you will do a lot better. I have never had any side effects from it, a blessing. It helps with all of the above. I took myself off of about 17 medications a doc, had me on. I call them stackers. For a while I did not even know who I was. Now, I am stable, doing the best I ever have."
674	6.0	Excellent for long lasting relief on minimal dosage.  Rarely causes weakness/sleepiness, but does not give the user euphoria.
675	8.0	"I take 4mg of Klonopin per day. I have done so for more than two years.  I went to a clinic where a ""no benzo"" policy was established and I was taken off the medicine.  I went through two years of agony.  Neurontin was given as a substitute...it made me depressed, and nauseous.  I finally had to go to a private doctor to be put back on my Klonopin and am returning to normal.  The only issue I would mention is that it is not a fast acting medicine."
676	9.0	My anxiety came out of the blue.  I had been suffering from depression and waited until I was close to rock bottom before seeing a psychiatrist.  He put me on Zoloft and for about 10 days I convinced myself it was all getting better...then WHAM! I started waking up with panic that was overtaking my entire body! I took Xanax just to go to sleep for an hour.  A counselor tried to get me to do breathing and muscle relaxation exercises but I was too anxious to concentrate.  I had to take off work because I ABSOLUTELY COULD NOT FUNCTION! My Psychiatrist just put me on Klonopin 1mg 3x a day.  That's a lot but hopefully I can taper off soon &amp; the Zoloft can do it's job. I can now think clearly and not panic at the simple thought of bathing!
677	10.0	I had become so nervous driving or riding in a car. My doc prescribed 2 mg Klonopin/Clonazepam and it worked wonders. No side effects and only take it at bedtime.
678	9.0	I started getting anxiety about a year ago out of the blue. I had to go to the ER because I thought I was dying or something.  All my tests came back negative. The doctor told me it was an anxiety attack. I got sent home with nothing. A few days later I had another one. I went to my PHP and put me on clonazepam. I try not to take them if I don't need it,  but you never know when it may manifest.  So I try to take half doses to make my script stretch and to also not be as dependent.  I noticed that it works but to a less degree.  I commute to school and work a full time job so my mind is always running. In a nutshell, this medication works.
679	10.0	"They make my anxiety go away instantly. They let me feel normal around other people. Comfortable in my own skin. Lastly they give me energy to get through my day, like I
Used to."
680	10.0	I have anxiety and am agoraphobic. I have constant anxiety, which I can usually deal with without medicines. But when my anxiety becomes extreme, clonazepam calms me quickly. It also works when I take one before I am going to be in a situation that I know will cause my anxiety to be intolerable (like a crowded grocery store). I take them only as needed, not necessarily every day, so I don't worry about addiction or withdrawals. However, I did go through withdrawal once. I found that cutting back on my dosage over a couple of days alleviated my withdrawal symptoms. This medicine has helped me face my fears and I fully expect to one day either use it rarely or completely stop needing it.
681	10.0	I have been taken Klonopin for 20 years, it all started because I lost function of both my inner ears and had no balance. The ear specialist concluded that there was no treatment available for this condition so my stress and anxiety level landed me in a pain clinic where medicine, exercise, counseling and diet did the trick. In three days I was back to normal. What I later found out is that Clonazepam was not only very effective for my balance disorder but it took the anxiety away. Today I  take 2mg a day in two or three dosages and feel completely normal. When stress increases I slightly increase the dosage. I take it with Lexapro so as not to end in depression. The secret, for me, is daily exercise (walking), and Clonazepam/Lexapro10mg.
682	10.0	Have done the full arsenal of anti-depressants with minimal to no resolution of my SAD/GAD. I am a generally healthy 48 year old male that mysteriously  2 years ago developed intense GAD/SAD: terrified flop sweats in meetings, avoidance of all social gatherings/interaction, non-stop anxiousness, and a handful of panic attacks. Under recommendation from my therapist my GP reluctantly prescribed clonazepan (Klonopin). 1 mg 2 x day. The full 1 mg made me a bit glassy eyed and dull. Reducing to 0.5 mg in the morning - to handle work-related anxiety and 1mg at night before bed. Success! I am close to the goofy outgoing person I was before the anxiety kicked in full-force. Bravo! I have found the right mix - finally.
683	10.0	Takes away the anxiety.
684	3.0	I took them for 3 months before I told my doctor to either change me or take me off them. The only thing they really did when I took them (I was on 6 mg daily) was made me a little drowsy and forgetful something I could do without. Anyway not to ramble but the doc put me on Xanax and I must say they work A LOT better.
685	8.0	I was prescribed Klonopin to get me through anxiety exarcebated by starting on Lexapro. It is a benzo and therefore highly addictive so I was very careful about taking it as little as possible. I found it to be very effective and one tablet would actually keep me calm for around 36 hours ( it has a very long half life ). I did not feel side effects and didn't feel drunk or disoriented. Was effective for me but needs to be used with care. 
686	10.0	This medication is really great for anxiety. I use it for severe anxiety related to interviews and relationships. It makes me feel like a person again, rather than someone who's under attack and needs to flee from an oncoming threat. I can actually function when I take it instead of hyperventilate and being suicidal. It's excellent.
687	9.0	I've taken Klonopin for 3 weeks at 1 mg a day and it's been great. That nebulous dread feeling is gone.  And most of my days at work and play are enjoyable. I asked the doc if I should do 1.5 mg since I noticed a little vulnerability in the morning.  Overall great.  Much better for me than Buspar.
688	9.0	I first tried Buspar for my generalized anxiety disorder, and after several weeks, gave up on it. I decided to work with my psychiatrist instead of my GP.  He agreed to let me try Klonopin.  Wow.  I only take 1 mg a day but I feel 90% recovered to my old self. I am more social again, working on my novel, doing well at work, handling stress well, having a lot more fun and joy. I've been on it for 3.5 weeks and hopefully can stay on it permanently. I know one needs to be cautious with it.
689	10.0	Best medication personally for anxiety and panic attacks. I have been taking 3-6mgs a day since I was 16 and compared to all the other benzodiazepines it has been the safest for long term use. I have tried Ativan, Xanax, and Valium also and did not have good experiences due to many side effects and they only worked for a couple weeks for me. Personally all medications have withdrawal so why not choose the best medication for yourself. SSRI's are just as hard to come off of as Benzos because of withdrawals, but most doctors don't tell you that.
690	9.0	"I have been on Klonopin for about 6 months now. I am on a pretty low dosage. I am prescribed one 0.5 mg in the morning and one in the evening before bed. I feel this pill has been a life saver. I take it and it kicks in my system in about 20 minutes or so and I start to feel my panic and anxiety melt away. I feel like I can breathe easier and my heart isn't beating out of my chest. I am more efficient at work and that's very important because my job entails direct patient care/interaction...so I have to be ""happy"" and on top of things. I was prescribed this along with Lexapro, which I have been weened off of. So now I only take the Klonopin as needed. I try to only take them when I really need them or I am having a severe panic attack."
691	9.0	I take this medicine for anxiety along with escitalopram. I find it works really well, with no side effects, other than drowsiness, which has lessened now that I am used to it.
692	9.0	Really good for as-needed, I take it less than once a week because my antidepressant works well. For me, 0.5mg in the early afternoon really takes the edge off, doesn't knock me out or leave me stoned, and lets me sleep that night. Rated a 9/10 because I have sexual side-effects for a few days afterwards, really not a big deal because the benefits outweigh. Only take this medicine as-needed, tolerance builds fast so a script of 30 should theoretically last 6 months. Be safe, and above all, communicate with your doctor. Benzos can be very useful if used properly.
693	10.0	Best medicine for general anxiety. I have found it also allows you to be fully functional.
694	10.0	I have had Generalized Anxiety Disorder all my life, but could control it without medicines. I thought as I got older it would go away, but instead it had gotten worse to the point I finally got some help. Been on clonazepam for 2 years and feel so much better. It really works. I do worry about the horror stories of withdrawal, but wonder why people try to go off when it makes them better. I don't plan on stopping, I have finally found peace of mind with no side effects. My dose has remained the same.
695	10.0	Best benzodiazepine, if you can't wait a Xanax will work fast but Klonopin works longer than the Xanax.
696	8.0	I've been on 2mg / day Klonopin for about 6 months now and I do feel that its not working as well as it was the first few months.  Now my anxiety stems from my thoughts on whether I'm building a tolerance which I think is NOT GOOD.  Sad thing is this medicine has been the only one to actually let me go out into the world without the social anxiety I have without it.
697	10.0	Best medicine for anxiety.
698	9.0	Good medicine.
699	9.0	Clonazepam is a wonderful medicine that stops all the bad feelings like, anxiety, feeling of impending doom or just nervous but you don't know why, its in the pit of your stomach, a nauseated twisted feeling in your gut that won't go away. Good news clonazepam is wonderful for these feelings, 2 mg 4 times a day and maybe a Halcion for sleep, you won't get so nervous and you will feel comfortable in your own skin.
700	9.0	"This is a miracle for me. I have experienced abrupt withdrawal, but that was my fault and all that happened was my vision was extremely blurred and I was in bed a few days. Do not drink with this medication, take it AS needed instead of all the time, then you won't have withdrawals if you forget to take it. I don't understand why this old trusted medication isn't prescribed more often, it never produced ""euphoria"" or anything like that for me or anyone I know on it - but it's dangerous with alcohol I guess and so many people drink. I've been on 6mg a day - which I found way too much and went down to 2mg on my own."
701	10.0	Started this medicine a month ago and I have to say the low dose of 0.5mg has changed my day to day life!
702	10.0	Panic attacks, severe. Once on medication haven't had any. Anxiety is in check. Can function as normal or maybe better looking back over my whole life.
703	10.0	I take 1 tablet (1mg) 3 times a day. Helped me so much. It lasts a lot longer than Ativan, Xanax and doesn't make me like a zombie like Valium.
704	10.0	For the past few years I have been suffering from severe anxiety and depression, when my Doctor put me on 0.5 mg I didn't know if it would help or not, but in just a month or 2, my life has changed a lot for the better. I've been more self confident, and going out more. It really does help. As people have mentioned before take the lowest dosage that suits you. It really is a great treatment for anxiety. Though everyone is different, if you're running out of options you should definitely ask your Doctor about it!
705	10.0	Klonopin has been a wonderful medication for me. I'm a young male who gets social anxiety, and overall anxious feelings about situational matters that I just couldn't stop. Well, I take 0.5 mg of Klonopin once daily and haven't had a hint of social nor general anxiety since. I can now focus on school, interact with others with confidence, sleep well at night, and enjoy my life again.The medication gives you a steady sense of calm and tranquility WITHOUT making you feel sedated (at least it does for me), and its effects lasts between 6-8 hours! Xanax worked as well, but it made me too sedated to adequately perform my daily schedules, plus didn't last as long. 
706	8.0	I've had anxiety for over 30 years, I'm in my 50's. I've been on Effexor and a few other antidepressants, which helped some, but sexual side effects were weird. I reluctantly started Klonopin about 6 months ago but was afraid of the addictive properties of it.  So I started on a real low dose 0.125 mg, once a day. And some days I take the another 0.125 mg. totaling 0.25mg  per day. I'll admit it helps a lot. It makes me feel like myself again. It doesn't stop the scary thoughts and stupid fears that I have, but I don't react as poorly to them. I'm hoping I don't have to increase my dosage, but figure I have a lot of room to go up if I do. Still wish I didn't have to take them but this winter was rough and I needed some help until the sun shines again.
707	10.0	Klonopin definitely has a smoother onset and longer duration than Xanax. Some tolerance can develop on long term usage so try to keep the dose as low as possible. Great benzodiazepine, wipes out anxiety once you figure out the right dosage for you.
708	9.0	Definitely helps with anxiety and panic attacks, all side effects have subsided. I do keep mednotes on all medications I take for interactions just because I've had some scares with some medications that have interacted with each other but the pharmacist or doctors have not caught onto.
709	10.0	I have been taking Klonopin for generalized anxiety disorder for 18 years now.  I am 52 years old and this medicine saved my quality of life. I have ranged between 2.5 and 3.5 mg for 18 years now.  No side effects at all.  Psychiatrist told me I could use it the rest of my life.  Felt it was an older but best proven remedy for dealing with GAD on the market.  No pharmaceutical kickbacks involved so not as popular as other medicines being prescribed.  No pharmaceutical incentives to sell.  Not addictive but could be dependency forming.  Lesser of evils versus anxiety.  I highly recommend it in proper circumstances.
710	10.0	Started low dose of 0.25mg and it has changed my life! Only take lowest dose needed and work with a therapist because medicine doesn't do all the work..YOU have to as well.
711	10.0	I take this for anxiety and only a low dose of 0.25mg (half of a 0.5mg) and it works wonders and I am VERY sensitive to medicines. Only take the lowest dose you need and you won't experience side effects.
712	8.0	Works great for my anxiety but I have bad cases of diarrhea. I take 1mg twice a day, also on Seroquel 400 mg.
713	10.0	This has saved my anxiety! Was on Buspar and it helped but wasn't strong enough...low dose of clonazepam 0.25mg once a day is all I need.
714	10.0	You can take it during any anxiety issue within 20mins I noticed the difference it made. In seven yrs I've been able to do so much more. I would call it the miracle pill.
715	9.0	I've had GAD for 30 years.  The last 5 years it's gotten worse, my normal techniques weren't working anymore and I needed help.  I take the smallest amount of Klonopin 0.25 mg once per day and it level's things out.  
716	9.0	One month my doctor gave me 90 pills instead of 120 and I didn't bother to read the label, and he didn't tell me either.  So, for the last week before my next apt I was going through severe withdrawals.  I could not sleep at all. My pulse was over 100 (Usually 60). My blood pressure was high too. I've been taking these for over 1 year now, so I don't know why he went to 90 instead of 120. I have VERY high anxiety, and it was not cutting it for me not being on it for a week. When I went back on it, I was just fine. I would for sure give this a 9.9 rating. Best medicine for anxiety I have ever taken!
717	10.0	I have been on Clonezepam for 2 different reasons. 1 for Anxiety 1mg pill 3xs a day, and then 1mg at bedtime to help Insomnia. It REALLY helps with the anxiety part with me losing both parents &amp; dealing with my own rheumatoid arthritis at age 26. To those worried about becoming addicted or physically dependent on this medicine, I wouldn't worry about it too much as I been on it for 3  yrs now and I haven't had to had to up my dose at all and have been on steady 4mg daily. There were a few times where my doctor went on vacation &amp; it was my fault for not getting my script early. My Anxiety was bad for 3-4 days BUT I felt NO WITHDRAWALS or SICKNESS at all from lack of the clonazepam.
718	9.0	A very effective medicine, that needs to be used with care and caution. I wouldn't take more than 1mg per day, and my doctor will not prescribe any higher dose. I take it in combination with Lexapro, and my anxiety is nearly obliterated. I would say be very careful, though, about dosage.
719	9.0	It is wonderful. I only wish I knew about it sooner.
720	9.0	Klonopin is a great, I went through trial and error to get it but my doctor finally prescribed it! Been on it for 2 months and it's been great, but people you still need to learn to cope while on it, it's not just a miracle pill. I give it a 9/10.
721	9.0	I was placed on 150mg x2 a day Wellbutrin &amp; 0.5mg Klonopin X 2 a day. Wellbutrin gave me the initial energy I needed to stay awake. At one point I didn't have enough Klonopin to get me through so I cut my dosage in 1/2 for the Klonopin to 0.5mg. Wellbutrin was overpowering it made me too hyperactive and made my anxiety rage so I stopped taking it and it helped calm me down. My depression disappeared and my anxiety leveled out. Since, I%u2019ve been back on 0.5mg x 2 a day, extra as needed and stayed off the Wellbutrin. The depression hasn't come back yet. If I forget to take Klonopin for more than a day I start losing my thoughts mid-sentence and I forget everything that I%u2019m trying to say. Then my anxiety comes back and I%u2019m a mess until I take it.
722	10.0	Panic attacks and anxiety run in my family, and this helped me big time. I was scared to take any medicines after having a bad experience with another anxiety medication, but I took it finally and day three of my panic attack/no sleep was over! I could eat again and finally crack a smile. It did make me sleepy, and it felt a tad funny to walk. I only took them before bed to sleep unless I really needed it. It restored my confidence that I could be happy again and made me feel comfy just knowing I had them on me. I am off of them for now and on a different anxiety pill, because my doc didn't want me to become dependent on them. I do keep one or two in my purse for emergencies.
723	9.0	Klonopin works pretty well at low doses (2-4 mg). I'm 46 6'4' 260 lbs. Higher doses just make me drool and shuffle, and cause horribly painful foot cramps if I miss a dose or two. Low dose, no problems. One wicked side effect is memory loss and speed of comprehension. Sleep is better. Withdrawal is pretty easy at low doses. Taper from high doses. It also was a major asset discontinuing opiates, and their various temporary-but-forever withdrawal effects.
724	10.0	I take 2mg Klonopin 4-5 times daily along with Adderall XR 20mg 2 each morning. The combination of the two works great. I suffer from BiPolar disorder, Panic Disorder with Agoraphobia, Generalized Anxiety Disorder and ADHD. I would get so bad I would lock myself in my room at home and cry my eyeballs out, afraid to speak to people, just full blown terrible anxiety. Klonopin is very effective if taken properly. Its a miracle medicine. I used to just be on Xanax 1mg 5 times daily and it started making me angry and aggressive. Some people react different to medications. Klonopin controls my mood, stops the worst anxiety you ever experienced in its tracks. Wonderful medication with just drowsiness as a side effect.
725	10.0	For the severe level of anxiety that I had developed Xanax would help. It would calm my body within a few minutes. However, after about 3-4 hours, my body would be back feeling nervous and tense again. It works very good, except its effects don't last long. I was also prescribed Klonopin to try after I told my doctor that I was having problems sleeping and that the effects from Xanax were not long lasting enough. I am prescribed to take 1 mg twice a day. With Klonopin, I am able to feel relaxed for longer periods of time than with Xanax. It has helped to keep my body more tranquil. It has helped with my sleeping better than Ambien ever did. And, I haven't experienced any bad side effects from it either.
726	1.0	"Please, please, please do your research before ever taking Klonopin or any drug in the benzodiazepine family.  Klonopin has caused me great hardship and nearly cost me my life.  And I am not alone - thousands of people have had horrific experiences with this drug.  Please search ""benzo withdrawal"" or similar to educate yourself.  Looking back, my original anxiety was nothing compared to the torture I went through once I was addicted to klonopin.  And I am not through it yet.  Words  can not explain the horror I went through.  That is why I beg you to do your own research.  Most doctors don't know or are in denial about the withdrawal effects of benzodiazepines.  The stories you will find are not lies or exaggerations. Buyer beware! Please!!"
727	10.0	I have taken clonazepam for 20 years.  I have remained at 0.5mg 3x/day.  This is the ONLY medication that has significantly helped with my anxiety.  When I take it, I feel normal again.  SSRI's have given my side effects; I have none with clonazepam. Some docs don't like to prescribe it long-term, although we are talking about quality of life.  It ought to be the *patient's decision* if they want to remain on it.  If being dependent on something greatly improves quality of life, then it's worth it IMHO.  Some people are born with more anxiety than others.  This medication seems to correct that imbalance in brain chemistry.
728	10.0	Anxiety disorder runs in my family, and Klonopin has done us wonders. I suffered a severe car accident 10/2012. Quit my job, quit fall-term, and became paralyzed from Anxiety. Initial dose was 0.5mg 2X a day. I discovered, LESS IS MORE. Now I only take 0.5 mg 2X a day, and it helps me be Andy. Klonopin is addictive. 20mg is max dose for epilepsy. 4mg/ day max for anxiety. 1mg/day in studies is shown to be most effective for anxiety. Take it as prescribed. DON'T, TAKE MORE. If you don't have epilepsy. BELIEVE ME! Benzodiazepines should be used with caution.
729	2.0	I think Klonopin is the bottom-of-the-barrel of benzodiazepine anti-anxiety/anti-panic medicines. This is from personal experience with it &amp; other benzodiazepines. Klonopin, for one thing, lacks the muscle-relaxant effect that's an additonal benefit of other benzodizepines such as Valium (diazepam). But what's worse is that Klonopin caused me to lose 2 jobs. It has this strange effect of prompting me to 'speak my mind' -- a little too much! Not the case with Valium, which has a much more pleasant effect. With further research I found out that Klonopin was intially marketed for seizure disorders *only*. But, because it didn't sell well for that, the company basically pushed into the anti-anxiety market. There's much better out there.
730	10.0	im 25yrs of age and have been on prescription benzodiazepines since the age of 16, mostly for panic attacks and GAD. I started on klonopin 0.5 BID and in the last nine years you could imagine the roller coaster ride it has been. Xanax 2mg po qid. Ativan 2mg po tid. valium 10mg po tid.(all at separate times) and the valium I was on 2 years up until 2 months ago. it started to quit working. I hated the Xanax and Ativan but the valium saved my life, it was a bitter sweet ending. and 2 months in now on klonopin 1mg qam. then 2mg qhs. miracle medicine!!!! highly recommend this medication for severe to chonic GAD, panic attacks, insomnia associated with stress and I could just go on and on. cant say enough about this medicine that gave hope!
731	10.0	I was put on Klonopin about 8 months ago...My bp would not come down with lisipril so the Dr put me on Klons, Valium, and Lexapro to stop whatever was going on... She stopped the valium but im still on the lexapro and klons...Im prescribed 90 klons 1mg a month and 60 10mgs lexapros a month...Well those didnt work but the lexapro and klons did with my anxiety  but now im on Azor 10/40 again to try to get it down...Anxiety sucks and I dont wish it on my worst enemy... Well maybe...lol
732	9.0	It works absolutely great for me, been about 4 months. I no longer have panic attacks when taking it. Unfortunately the Dr. only gives me 42- 1mg a month when dosed at 2x a day. I just noticed that one. I will run out before my visit Thursday and am taking one a day so I at least have some productive time. Supposedly it throws me happily manic and full on energy, but I'd rather be happily manic and running around cleaning things than being scared of everything, depressed and just all around unbearable to be near. Right now taking Effexor, Clonazepam, &amp; Lithium. I am now pretty pleasant.
733	10.0	Helps me have less panic attacks which helps me be less violent. No more non-stop fighting.
734	8.0	I took this for social anxiety disorder. During my time on clonazepam, I felt like I could go out and do things and enjoy things to a higher degree, and not feel afraid that others might judge or criticize me. Overall, I felt calmer as a person. Sadly, it is expensive and I am not on it anymore and the severe anxiety has come back.
735	9.0	I suffer from a nagging sense of anxiety that shadows my every waking minute. This medicine has enabled me to live a normal life.
736	10.0	I have been battling chronic neck and shoulder blade pain now for two years. Severe anxiety started as well with panic attack and adrenaline rushes along with tingling hands and feet constantly.  Battling depression and insomnia too. Took citalopram, Effexor, Buspar, Valium and they were not much help with my anxiety and insomnia.  Started taking Klonopin 2 mg at bedtime five months ago for insomnia and it has helped me so much. I know this medication can be addicting but doctor is tapering me slowly and now am down to 1 mg at bedtime.  This has been the best medication ever.  I would definitely recommend anybody suffering from anxiety or insomnia to try Klonopin.
737	10.0	I have been on Klonopin for 20 years. I've only had to up the dosage once, from 0.5mg to 1 mg per day. Before I took it I started having uncontrollable panic attacks, loss of appetite, lack of concentration. Klonopin worked instantly. I went from no appetite, to being able to eat normally again. There has only been one short period in my life during those 20 years, when my circumstances were so overwhelming that the panic attacks re-occurred, and I would sometimes take an extra dose. This medicine has been a life saver for me. In all those years I have only lost 2 days of work because of anxiety related illness. I thank the doctor who put me on this and who keeps monitoring me to see that I am OK.
738	10.0	I had a health issue that printed severe anxiety 2 plus years ago. I tried a couple of SSRI's.  They made me feel worse. This is the ONLY medication that helps me to feel normal. Also battled insomnia for 15 years and took nothing for it. Now with Klonopin I sleep. I also have a fear of medication /building up tolerance but physical impact of stress I have been told is worse for my mind and body. The life saving plus no side effect profile of this medicine is amazing. I just hope I can continue to take it long term because without it I would be in far worse shape.  Thank you for all the rave reviews nice to know I am not alone in my love for this medicine. And this is from a medication averse, workout everyday, eat right person.
739	10.0	It really works for my anxiety.
740	10.0	Awesome medicine. I have a good deal of anxiety I've been dealing with for years.  Recently, I started experiencing involuntary muscle jerks (Myoclonus) that kept getting worse and worse.  About 100 times per day.  After seeing my doctor he prescribed me Klonopin 2mg once daily.  It has been a life saver to say the least.  My anxiety is all but moot.  No real side effects to speak of. I'm relaxed, able to think more clearly, and overall, feeling great!
741	10.0	"This is a miracle medicine for me. I've been plagued by anxiety all my life. My Dr recently added 0.5mg clonazepam twice a day to the 115mg Effexor I am taking.
I am happy, relaxed and finally able to enjoy life and work."
742	9.0	I've suffered with depression, anxiety and panic along with various health problems. I have tried just about most medicines that claim to help with these problems. Nothing, until I tried Klonopin and it just changed so much about me. Although I will say in the beginning I felt very cheery and super friendly. Though that particular feeling has decreased it still controls my anxiety. And no side effects, only thing is that it doesn't help with sleep so I take a Seroquel instead at night.It also helps keep me calm when worrying over my bad health conditions. Found deep belly breathing can help while in the midst of a panic. I plan on staying on it. Take care.
743	9.0	Klonopin has been instrumental in getting my anxiety disorder under control.  I take 0.25 milligrams three times a day...taking 0.5mg at once is too much and causes me to be a space cadet.  It doesn't work as well on my rare panic attacks, but I have found other ways to cope with breathing exercises and such. Without it I was nearly non-functioning and about to slip into a deep depression.  It has leveled my mood swings and just made life much more bearable (even joyful!). I would much rather have dependency on this medicine and be happy than feel that I am constantly in crisis (and occasionally suicidal).
744	10.0	I have no anxiety on this medication. It last longer therefore I don't get panic attacks anymore.
745	9.0	Not sure if this qualifies as an anxiety attack, but not sure what else to call it.  I'm 60 years old and have never suffered from anxiety or depression in the past.  I'm active, lift weights, and train (a lot) to race competitively on bicycles. Almost every morning, driving to work (I'm a CFO), when I get about 20 to 15 minutes away, I break out in an uncontrollable sweat.  I'll turn the AC on to 60 degrees turn all the vents on me.  Still, by the time I get to work, my clothes are soaked!  Doc said it seems reasonable to consider this an anxiety attack, regarding my work situation (it can be stressful).  The sweating happens with incredible regularity.  Klonopin made this go away. 
746	10.0	I have very high anxiety which makes my blood pressure go sky high and my pulse rate stay in the 120's. My Dr prescribed Klonopin and Valium at the same time to try to bring down my blood pressure and pulse rate. My breathing was bad and I hated being in the small waiting room. My biggest fear is driving but since she has put me on 1mg 4 times a day I feel amazing. I sometimes still don't want to leave the house though.
747	10.0	This is the only medication that has ever taken away my anxiety completely. I was on it for 5 months and decided to try and quit the medication and it was the worst experience of my life. I now feel like I can't function anymore. My performance at work is slipping and I feel like I am losing my grip with my general anxiety disorder. I have tried Celexa, Zoloft, Lexapro and Remeron with no luck. This medication was a Godsend and when I was taking it I was only taking 0.5mg 1x a day. I did not feel like increasing the dose nor did I feel like I was addicted to it. I did not have a bad withdrawal coming off of it either, other than my anxiety has returned to the same levels it was prior to the medication. This medicine was a miracle for me.
748	10.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder. Before I was prescribed Klonopin I was at the verge of losing my job, house, even my family. I couldn't stop worrying, stressing and overwhelming myself. I had no energy to even play with my kids. Once I started taking this medicine it brought me back to living and enjoying life, family, even performing better at work. I really recommend this medicine if you have generalized anxiety disorder, it works like a miracle.
749	10.0	Amazing, works well for panic attacks, etc.
750	10.0	This benzodiazepine is the best one out there. Forget Xanax, Ativan, Valium, and all the others that are used for anxiety and other disorders. 
751	10.0	Been on Klonopin for 3 years. Lifesaver, have panic attacks due to congenital heart defect. They label it chronic life long health condition always feeling panic that something drastic was going to happen. Klonopin gave me back my life. Take 0.5mg in the morning and 2 mg at night. Wonderful. Hope this helps. I've tried it all.
752	10.0	"I have been on this medication for eight years except when I was pregnant. I have agoraphobia, and panic attacks. Without this medication I wouldn't be able to raise my children or enjoy my marriage because I would have daily panic attacks and would never leave the house. I leave the house more. But now I have different insurance and my new doctor doesn't want me to take it so I am now looking for a different doctor!
"
753	9.0	Excellent for dealing with stress/ anxiety disorder if taken in proper doage (ie dosage prescribed)
754	8.0	I was switched from Xanax to Klonopin for anxiety by my doc because the Xanax was just making me feel ill and nauseated.  The Klonopin is doing the same thing.  I feel even more lethargic, weak, nauseated and tired during the day.  The initial prescription is .25 per nite before bed.  Since I wake up with the anxiety each morning, my doc agreed I could take it in the morning.  On Mother's Day I had to take 2 pills and still didn't calm me down...for no reason!  I had a great day planned and still had anxiety.  I think after all these rave reviews I'll try it before bed again and see what happens in the morning.  I just want to feel GOOD again!
755	10.0	After decades of debilitating anxiety, a psychiatrist put me on Klonopin. I have now been on this medication for about 15 years, and my anxiety rarely affects me anymore.  Unlike other anxiety meds, I have not had to increase my dosage, and have absolutely no side effects. This medicine has been a life saver for me.
756	9.0	Helps me greatly With Anxiety and Sleep. Gives Me Blurry Vision at Times.
757	10.0	Just started taking this. Lost my husband not long ago, he had cancer and I was his caregiver for a year. Now I suffer with panic and anxiety because of what I saw and was so consumed with thoughts that I would get sick or constantly thinking I'd get sick. I shyed away from everything and just recently got up strength and go to get help. Dr I have is brilliant and prescribed this for me and I cried because for once in a year I felt me again. This truly is amazing. 
758	8.0	I suffer severe anxiety disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. These pills (1mg 3x daily) keep me calm enough to not worry about full blown panic attacks all the time. I take this in addition to a mild antidepressant. I take a low dose of Celexa and Buspar with this and it really keeps this under control for me.
759	10.0	Used to take 2 mgs three times per day with my old doctor, stopped for a year,  and now I'm on 0.5mg three times a day. I built up a tolerance quickly, but when I have a panic attack 4 mgs stops it dead. I love Klonopin, it lasts longer than Xanax and doesn't give me a crazy hangover feeling the next day!
760	10.0	I'm 22 and allergic to peanuts so I would worry all the time about it and would just have panic attacks like at least 3-4 times a week then starting taking this and it just went away. Works great, I feel like a normal person again, no worries.
761	10.0	This medication opened up a whole new world for me.  I developed a very bad anxiety &amp; panic disorder and lived with it for years. Therapy and many other medications did not help! Didn't notice much of a difference initially but by the time I was up to 1mg 3 times a day my life so greatly improved.  I currently take another medication (Xanax).  I was taken off the medication because I became an alcoholic. When I detoxed from alcohol I was immediately taken of Klonopin. My only concern for people that are taking it is that if they decide to stop, please withdraw from it properly by a gradual reduction over a period of time.  The hospital took me off of it without gradually reducing it.  The withdrawal was horrible!
762	10.0	I have been diagnosed with having panic &amp; anxiety disorders and being bipolar. Klonopin helps me deal with that stress which is the greatest thing because I get to play with my kids a lot more now and take them places in large groups of people. Its helped my life improve, only take as directed.
763	7.0	Okay so I have been on Klonopin for about 3 months and might I say it's AWESOME. I have severe anxiety and get panic attacks quite often which are bad and it finally got to point where I couldn't eat or sleep I basically couldn't function. When I first started taking it I was zonked out. They made me so tired but my tolerance has gone up so much and 3 doesn't even do anything to me now so that's the downside. On the up side when the dosage does work your anxiety is completely gone and you just feel so chill yet able to function (at least for me). Hopefully my dosage will be upped and I'll be happy again. I definitely recommend Klonopin as always be careful and have a wonderful day.
764	6.0	Works for me
765	10.0	The medication helps my anxiety, helps when I'm in public, around people.
766	10.0	I am 30yrs old. I have been taking Klonopin for 6 years, for severe anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder and bipolar disorder. Since I have been taking it for so long I have gotten a little immune to it. I started taking 0.5mg today I use 2mg 3x daily. When I first started taking it the effects were very strong. So I recommend you start at a lower dose. This medicine has been a life changer for me because now I finally feel like  human. I have 2 small kids to look after and with this medicine I can function better in my daily life.
767	10.0	It helped with my anxiety more then any other medicine.
768	9.0	This is the only medicine that has really taken my generalized anxiety disorder away with so many less side effects. I've had GAD just about all my life and am now 36.  I have tried Celexa, Lexepro, Zoloft, Cymblata, Effexor, Wellbutrin, Buspar and find most of them are too stimulating or make me so tired with no ambition, or feel like I'm going crazy. I would self medicate and made my life even worse. I have been on Paxil on and off trying to get something that would work but the Paxil is the best for me for anxiety but I lost all my ambition, creativity, interest in just about everything. I would get so tired it's crazy. I would lose my sex drive.  
769	10.0	"I've taken a variety of benzo's in the past - Valium, Librium, Ativan, Xanax, Tranxene -  all of these medicines produced pretty strong sedation side effects.  Have been on Klonopin (clonazepam) for about 3 years now for severe anxiety and post traumatic stress disorder.  I am prescribed 1mg three times a day.  Unlike other benzo's I've taken in the past, I feel no urge to increase the dose at all.  The Klonopin ""covers"" me all day long without feeling high or disoriented or mentally clouded.

I believe Klonopin is unique among benzodiazepines - because it takes a while to ""kick in"" there is no calming rush after taking it.  The effects come on gradually, which in my opinion lessens the potential for abuse.  I have little to no sedation from taking Klonopin."
770	10.0	I am so grateful to find other's who actually are thankful to this medicine. I have been beating myself up over taking it for the past two years, due to this new medication free obsession (which is good advice for some), but this is the ONLY medication that has made me feel better. Instead of going up in dosage, after being diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder two years ago, I have gone down (without even trying). This is an amazing and life saving medication to those who actually need it. I have suffered all my life and nothing else ever worked. Just a tip: if people tell you that you don't need this medication, think back to before you ever took it. 100 % satisfaction with this medicine!
771	10.0	I have had a great experience with Klonopin. It has really saved my life. I tried Buspar and other SSRIs to help with my Anxiety but they never really took care of it. I was in a really bad funk about 6 months ago and the anxiety just kept building up. I went to my psych doc and she prescribed me Klonopin as needed at about 0.5mg a day. It makes me feel good through most days but with increased stress at work I feel I have to take a little more. I say, if it works take it. 10 out of 10 for me. It has given me back my life.
772	9.0	Very effective at treating social anxiety (while also receiving therapy), keeps you in a more balanced state than with other benzo's, minimal side effects. I was started on 0.5mg 3 times a day but after 3 years I'm down to 0.25mg once a day. I have seen many patients started on too high a dose, I think 0.25mg twice a day is sufficient for most cases and be aware that once you start taking them you will find it hard to stop and will have to wean yourself off them gradually as is the case with most medicines.
773	10.0	I was prescribed 2mg of Klonopin following my sons traumatic birth and the PTSD that followed. It was a lifesaver. I continue to take it as-needed and find it hugely beneficial. I have been on many other meds in the past for depression and anxiety and Klonopin is the only thing that works perfectly for me. Seems a small miracle to be able to treat my anxiety and maintain my weight and sex drive at the same time.
774	9.0	This is the best medicine for anxiety I have been on it for a year and my doctor recently increased my dosage to 1mg 3 times a day. It had absolutely been a life saver. I would recommend it to anyone who suffers from anxiety or panic attacks.
775	10.0	It works without side effects.
776	9.0	I have had an extremely good experience with this medication. It works so well for my anxiety and panic disorder. 
777	9.0	I was initially prescribed Klonopin (Clonazepam) for generalized anxiety disorder. It works very well, not Quite as Quick as Xanax, However It is well worth the wait. I also have panic disorder. It prevents them from happening in the first place. I developed a tolerance to the sedative effect after A month or two. 2 years strong. I take 1-8mgs a day. Use it sparingly. It has a long half life and stays in your body longer than alprazalam. I feel like Xanax lasts a few hours then rebounds. 
778	10.0	Sleep well at night.
779	9.0	I had been prescribed Klonopin in the past to treat severe anxiety until my appointment with a psychiatrist who deemed that such an approach to my anxiety issues was heavy handed. He took me off of them and since then I've been on Lexapro, Buspar, Seroquel, Zoloft, Pristiq, Paxil, Atarax all to little or no avail. I moved to a different area and got a new Psychiatrist who diagnosed me with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. The original course of treatment for that was Ativan 0.5mg three times daily. I was switched to Xanax 1mg twice a day as needed. A couple of months passed by without substantial improvement and I was bumped to Xanax 1mg 3x day Doctor decided Klonopin would be a better approach earlier today. So far so good.
780	10.0	Initially I started on citalopram 20 mg once a day. It was great for anxiety and my depression but I had no sex drive at all. My doctor changed me to Effexor 75 mg once a day for long term and was taking lorazepam 1mg as needed. My anxiety was not controlled. I had to take my lorazepam up to 3 times a day. Spoke to my doctor and I stayed on the Effexor but he switched me over to clonazepam 1 mg twice daily as needed. Lorazepam has a short life but clonazepam stays in your system way longer. Ever since I started on the clonazepam I feel so much better. There are days I only take 1mg at night and that's all I need.
781	10.0	Great and effective medication while taking .25 to .50 mg once per day. I'm in Law Enforcement and have a tough time shutting off my mind now and then. Klonopin works very well at taking away the negative thinking and unrealistic worries. Cops tend to role play alot in their minds, with everything. What if this, what if that?? Sometimes it gets out of hand and the horrible feelings that come from that sort of continuous thinking can really take its toll. Klonopin takes that away for a much longer time than Xanax. I also take 20mg of Lexapro a day, been taking for about three months. It has helped to some degree as well and keeps me from having to take a higher dose of the Klonopin. But overall, I give Klonopin a 10.
782	10.0	"Klonopin has absolutely saved my life in more than one way, with it treating my anxiety and panic attacks. Before I was prescribed Klonopin I had severely withdrawn from almost every aspect of every day life. I was always a very outgoing positive and happy woman before my anxiety and isolation took over every aspect of my life. I just could not face the ""real world"" before Klonopin and now I have been completely able to live a normal, happy and productive life. It has helped with social anxiety which was what caused me to withdraw from every day life. I cannot praise enough the benefits to me personally. I can again live a happy existence and will never have a bad thing to say about it from own my personal experience."
783	5.0	I have a high tolerance to medication, and recently had my dose increased to 1.5mg per day… Nothing. I still feel incredibly awkward in social situations. I don't drink, and would like to be able to live comfortably amongst others, but I haven't been able to, not even in front of my own family, and Clonazepam unfortunately has not offered any release from this.
784	10.0	"I had severe anxiety and ""social phobia"". Clonazepam has been a life saver for me. 
I have been taking clonazepam for over 10 years and expect to be on it perhaps the rest of my life. I'm 50 and also have Bipolar 2 disorder. I never feel the need to take more then my dosage of 2mg's at bedtime. "
785	10.0	"Very good results and treatment outcomes for anxiety, and ""social phobia."""
786	10.0	I'm a 48 year-old male, 6-2, 230lbs. I've been taking Klonopin off and on now for the last year. It works pretty well for anxiety and takes about 40 minutes to kick in. I take 0.25mg twice daily. I just started taking Lexapro 20mg and have been on it for about four weeks. Not sure if it's doing much. We'll see in about another 4 weeks if I can stop the Klonopin. I have to agree with others, Xanax works well and quickly, but leaves your system quicker and leaves you more anxious. Klonopin seems to be a little bit smoother and longer lasting about 3-4 hours at 0.25mg. This medicine gets a bad rap due to the people who abuse it. I'm in Law Enforcement and I see it every day who abuse these.
787	9.0	My doctor does not like this medicine, although she had no problem until she had a patient with a bad experience, etc.  I know that Klonopin has done many things for me, including helping the anxiety and panic attacks.  It also soothes a lot of the side effects of my other seizure and neuropathy medications, while it does not mask the effects totally.  This is good because you always want to be aware of side effects other medications have on you.  I had the perfect balance of medications and was doing very good.  I have read some of the ratings and I agree.  It helped when nothing else could.  The withdrawal symptoms are not good, but, they go away.  The problems is that all the bad things about my disease are coming back since I stopped this.
788	10.0	Works great. 
789	10.0	I have had nothing but excellent results with this medication! Without any side effects! I would definitely recommend Klonopin to/for anybody having anxiety!
790	9.0	I am a new user to Klonopin and wanted to share my experience because I know that people come to the net to figure out what's going to happen.  I have generalized anxiety disorder and obsessive compulsive stress disorder and things were getting a little more out of hand than normal. I was on Citalopram, and finally got switched to Viibryd which I'm looking forward to seeing the benefits. Klonopin taken at night lowers the brain activity and allows me to sleep.  Finished my third night on it and slept through 2 nights, not woken up once.  Hasn't happened in 6 months.  Its not a sleeping pill...its a calm the brain pill.  Very happy I'm getting back to normal.
791	10.0	I feel like Klonopin has turned my life around. I suffer from social anxiety. It has given me confidence in my job and in my everyday life. I feel in control and relaxed when I am on this medicine. It's similar to Xanax but it takes about 40 minutes to an hour to kick in and it lasts a lot longer. Being in crowds doesn't bother me as much. It sort of slows things down and doesn't make things so hectic and crazy. Although things may be going on around you, you seem to not notice it as much. It's unbelievable how different I feel. My dosage is 1mg total a day (super low). I found 0.5mg to be too much so I take 0.25 mg four times a day. I feel like myself again. I've had zero side effects with the exception of 0.5mg making me very drowsy.
792	10.0	I have been on clonazepam for almost 19 years - It was prescribed for Anxiety disorder when I was in my late teens and helped immensely.  I found that I also couldn't sleep - turns out it's not from insomnia, it's from racing thoughts. I usually only take it at night about an hour before bedtime and I can fall asleep and sleep through the night.  I started on 0.25, 19 years ago, and have only gone up to 1.5 a night, 19 years later.  I also have A-typical hypertension, meaning my blood pressure will go up if I am anxious. With my Doc's approval, I can take this if my blood pressure rises. Much better than getting on a blood pressure medicine that I really don't need. Hoping you the best! 
793	9.0	"Klonopin (Clonazepam) was unique compared to Valium, Xanax &amp; Ativan in its ability to remove rather than mask the symptoms and do so at a relatively small dose that remained effective (2 mg. once a day in the morning) without any need to increase the dosage, and without causing sedation or mental impairment.   In fact - though I wasn't depressed per se - I subjectively experienced the lessening of my anxiety as positive and consequently my mood improved.    

This is an important medicine; its benefits are increased by open and honest communication between doctor and patient; thus avoiding the imposition of arbitrary time limits on the length of treatment."
794	1.0	I took Klonopin for ten years. Worked great for a few years but I developed a tolerance and over time, I developed worse anxiety and panic while on a steady dose. 
795	10.0	I have GAD, social phobia, and panic disorder. I'm prescribed 1 mg, 3x a day of Klonopin. Even after 2 years it still works very well for me. It lasts much longer than Xanax or Ativan, so I don't get that dreaded wearing off feeling. It's quite calming but you can still function normally. The drowsiness side effect wears off after a few weeks. Just be very careful to take it as prescribed as it definitely has a potential for abuse. Also, if you decide to stop taking it, wean yourself off slowly to avoid feeling horrible.
796	10.0	Great for panic attacks. And helps to stop my mind from racing at bedtime. Been on it for almost 6 yrs.
797	10.0	It works really well.
798	10.0	I have panic attacks and I stress myself to no end about everything, just can't seem to be calm down or assured about anything. Sometimes I don't even want to be around people or have conversations. This medicine is the best, its quick, calming and I feel warm cozy and happy again. Sleep really awesome too. No bad side effects. I take 2mg.
799	1.0	I was crying all the time and sad a lot.
800	9.0	When I'm feeling my anxiety start knowing that this could ruin my day and the day of those that depend on me I just take 1mg of clonazepam and within 15-30mins I feel relaxed and on track again.
801	10.0	I have had anxiety/panic disorder for 8 yrs now. When I had my 1st attack I went to the ER and they just told me it was all in my head, wrong. After about the 7th one is when they  said I have the disorder, they tried everything you can think of until my Dr. tried clonazepam every since then I take as directed and I'm doing wonderful, I've had a couple of small ones since but nothing compared to before. Just remember, you are not the only one with this problem, I thought that for awhile myself until I started talking to other people with the same issues. Hope it helps.
802	6.0	I have been on benzodiazepines for 20 years and it is # 3 on my list of what works best for treatment of general anxiety, social anxiety, post traumatic stress disorder and panic disorder. 
803	10.0	"Klonopin has totally eliminated my irrational anxiety attacks.  It has been prescribed for me for my myoclonus, a condition in which my body jerks uncontrollably the more relaxed that I get.  So I take it every night.  

It is addictive, but I need it to sleep and with it has been this remarkable change with my anxiety.  It's worth it."
804	10.0	Klonopin is truly the best medication for anxiety and panic attacks! I just started taking 0.5mg yesterday and for the first time in years I am so happy and even smiling again. The anxiety is gone as well. Thank you for making this medicine!
805	9.0	Absolutely wonderful medicine at alleviating anxious states. I take 0.5-1.5mg occasionally as needed, transforms anxiety and panic into a state of relaxation and tranquility allowing me to drop off into a deep sleep or have a productive day. I have no side effects whatsoever such as; sedation, dizziness or amnesia. 
806	8.0	Also I forgot to mention in a previous review that timing is the key to these types of drugs. 1.5 hours is the time it takes to work for me but may vary with different people. Sometimes I get to my night class early and take a Klonopin well in advance so I wont be under the influence when I'm driving to class. Basically you have to experiment at first with the timing to get a feel of works best for you.
807	10.0	It helps my anxiety 100%!  Now I can be social and feel a lot better.
808	1.0	My mom was put on o.25 mg nightly Klonopin after having likely withdrawal and memory issues from Ambien.  She experienced anxiety, panic attacks and random episodes of fright/panic and memory loss.  The doctors of course raised the dose to 0.5mg given the anxiety and the symptoms got worse - more anxiety, random attacks and withdrawal symptoms in the morning.  So they raised it to 0.75mg and she got even worse. I had to take control of the situation and spread the medicine out to 3x 0.25.  This helped significantly but nervousness continued. The doctor not understanding her sensitivity decided to reduce the frequency, not the dose and this resulted in terrible withdrawal symptoms. Now using dissolved 0.125mg rapid dissolve tablets to titrate off.
809	2.0	Clonazepam works well for anxiety, but the side effects are unbearable. I can no longer breathe through my nose at night because of sinus inflammation. It also causes cognitive dysfunction and when I'm not on it I have withdrawal symptoms.
810	10.0	Great medicine. It works perfectly and I don't feel like I need to increase dosage over time.
811	9.0	"Klonopin works excellent for my anxiety from PTSD. I still have some issues, but at 0.5 mg 3x day I feel much calmer and only rarely have panic attacks. I am better at talking to people and the other issues caused by my traumatic event. I have had no side effects from this medicine. I am worried about having to come off of it, but my psychiatrist says with weaning it is not too difficult. I think there is too much stigma with this medicine. It works and if you need it, you deal with the physical withdrawal when you have too. It can't be worse than the Zoloft withdrawal I had- with weaning- that doctors told me I wouldn't have. I am not tempted to take more than prescribed, and I don't feel ""high"" on it. Has helped me immensely."
812	9.0	"Also taken for occasional general anxiety but mostly for social anxiety disorder. Taken ""as needed"" which for me is between 0.5 and 1 mg every other day or so.  Excellent medicine, puts you in a sort of ""I don't care"" state so not much makes you anxious. Obvious side effect of drowsiness but it is certainly bearable. "
813	7.0	I've had severe panic/anxiety disorder for 15  years. Was prescribed Xanax 1mg 3xday for 15  yrs. It worked for panic attacks, but not for constant anxiety. Psychiatrist prescribed Klonopin 3 months ago, 1mg 2 x day. It has been the best medicine I've taken for the daily anxiety, but does not stop panic attacks. Talked to him about increasing to 3 x day and he refused to listen! I'm stuck with 2xday. It is the best medicine I've taken because lasts about 6-7 hours. I've been participating in life again, but anxiety is still ever-present. I wouldn't have to take Xanax for panic attacks if my dosage were increased to 3 x day, but he prefers to prescribe 15 Xanax/month on top of Klonopin rather than stick with Klonopin alone. Overall great medicine.
814	7.0	I have only been on this medicine for a couple of days. At first I felt a little sick. Taking it as prescribed, feeling light headed at times and found myself wondering where I was after slipping into just a day dream. I was taking 1mg but now I am taking just half and feel right as rain.
815	8.0	"My first prescription of this medicine changed my opinion of anxiety treatment. I had hope. That was in 2003, I am still on it and it has helped me have a ""normal"" life."
816	10.0	"Klonopin is a very effective medicine for people such as myself that suffer from debilitating panic disorder and/or PTSD.  This medicine saved me from becoming institutionalized after returning home from the Gulf War back in 1991.  When I first took the medicine, I felt as if I had awoken from a hellish nightmare.  It served me quite well for nearly 20 years because I NEVER abused this medicine. 

Be extremely careful and mindful when using Klonopin, take it only as directed by your Doctor.  "
817	10.0	I struggled with severe anxiety and panic attacks since I was in early adolescence. I have also been through almost all the SSRI's which make my depression worse and did nothing for my anxiety. I had lost all hope until my Doctor suggested I start on clonazepam 1mg x 2 daily and it was finally something that worked. He increased to 1mg x 3 daily and have been doing great on it. 
818	8.0	I started to have severe panic attacks out of nowhere 3 weeks ago. I didn't even want to leave the house, and I started to self isolate. My friends started to wonder why I was acting weird, and I honestly thought there was no hope. My doctor prescribed me 0.5 mg twice a day of klonopin, and it has worked GREAT. I have only taken two doses, and I am starting to feel normal. I am tired, but my doctor told me that I would feel sleepy for the first couple of days. But this medicine has worked wonders for me already, now I can focus on moving on from my anxiety attacks!
819	10.0	Very effective.  Same dose for 20 years.  Lasts 15 to 18 hours.  Used Lorazepam (Ativan) previously, but the effect faded within 8 hours.
820	1.0	It did not work for me at all. I felt no difference and it did not bring my anxiety down.
821	8.0	It works like a charm. I only take it if I'm having a panic attack but it helps a lot. It can really calm you down and feel better if you are in a panic. The only downside is that it can be very addictive.
822	10.0	This is a great medicine. It keeps my anxiety in check and I no longer have panic attacks. I take 1mg 2x a day and have had nothing but great results. Have been on it for 10 years now.
823	9.0	"Puts the kabosh on anxiety pretty well indeed.  Nice because you can dissolve this medicine under your tongue (even with the ""normal"" type pill) if you get into a situation where you need it's effect quickly.  Very potent anti-anxiety medicine."
824	1.0	"I was prescribed Klonopin for anxiety several months ago. The dose was 0.5 mg up to twice daily.  Never having had it, I quartered a 0.5 mg tablet first dose. Seemed okay until a few hours later and I began coughing like mad. I have asthma.  Klonopin made me cough and increased the thickness of the mucus in my lungs until it was almost impossible to cough it up.  Just to be SURE it was the Klonopin and not something else, I have given it two other tries 1/4 of a 0.5 mg tablet.  Each time the same results.  I looked it up and ""cough"" is the 2nd most common side effect. FYI Naproxen and ibuprofen have the same effect on me."
825	8.0	I was just prescribed clonazepam for moderate anxiety, and it's working well for me compared to other anti-anxiety medications I've tried. Lorazepam was great for sudden panic attacks but it made me sleepy and clumsy, and didn't last long enough and had too many side effects for general day-to-day nervousness. Same with Xanax, and even Xanax XR. Clonazepam is great because I can take it in the morning, and have a very steady, reliable feeling of calmness for hours. Sometimes I'll take a second dose in the afternoon but not always. The only downside to this medicine is that it doesn't work as fast as Xanax or lorazepam, but for persistent feelings of worry and anxiety throughout the day, this medicine does wonders.
826	10.0	"Klonopin has improved my quality of life exponentially. I feel as though it opened up this new world around me -- one that was always there, but I was just too nervous to experience it. It's also the only medication that helps me fall asleep fast without feeling groggy the next morning.

That being said, it is a benzodiazepine, so taking it every day isn't a good idea, and the potential for addiction and tolerance is there. In combination with talk therapy, this medication can help you live a life free of fear and worry."
827	6.0	I take about 2-4 mg a day of Klonopin. It makes me tired sometimes, but it works better than the anti-anxiety (depression) pills like Paxil and Prozac. I'm a recovering heroin addict and doctors hate to treat you like a regular patient.  I've been clean now for 4 years but my addiction will follow me for the rest of my life.  If that's the penance for staying clean, I'll take it.
828	10.0	This medicine is a life saver. I suffered from anxiety and regular panic attacks that would keep me up all night and freak me out so much I would call an ambulance. After being prescribed clonazepam I was back to my 'normal self'. After thinking I was back to 'normal' for good I stopped taking the medication. I was okay for a good couple of months then my anxiety came back stronger than ever. I am now back on the medicine and have no doubt that I will be well in no time.
829	10.0	This medicine works the best of all the benzodiazepines for me. It has completely wiped out my anxiety and has zero side effects at my prescribed dose (2.5mgs a day total). The only problem with it and all benzos is that it is very hard to come off of once you have been on it for awhile. I don't think enough doctors stress the dependence factor of this medicine (it is very difficult to withdraw from, you need to decrease your dose very slowly over a long period of time), so educate yourself if it is prescribed to you and use the lowest effective dose. The pros outweigh the cons for me by far though.
830	10.0	Works great for anxiety.
831	8.0	This medicine is amazing. Helps quickly with my anxiety and panic attack. Makes me feel like a total different person. I feel like the same active person I used to be especially raising two baby boys.
832	10.0	Long lasting ,powerful but mellow at the same time. I suffer from social anxiety, panic attacks that come from nowhere. Klonopin helps me so that I am not nervous all the time and can talk around groups of people. 
833	10.0	"Iv'e severe anxiety since I was 17 years old from being druged at a party back in 1969. Since that time 41 years ago life has been a living Hell for me. Hard time holding a job even though I have been a Manager for several fortune 500 companys. I have had a hard time with my two marriage and several, several relationships.
NOTE: This anxiety stuff is a real illness, believe me I searched for over 40 years to find relieve for this crap. Don't waste your time on Herbs, hypnosis, books, or Doctors that just give you some paxel or celexa that don't understand, because unless you have this illness you don't understand.
I've allways been a real maco guy and have been ashamed of this illness, I had a DR. prescsribe me Clonavepam, and man it's a"
834	10.0	Working great for my anxiety. On 2mg for 3x a day that makes me too drowsy. I take 2 a day.
835	10.0	Works well.
836	9.0	I just started taking the Klonopin yesterday. I can already tell a difference in my anxiety. I have been on Effexor for 8 months and have tried multiple other medications to help with the anxiety and panic attacks. Nothing seemed to help. I'm also prescribed Lorazapam for the times when the panic attacks are really bad. I am hopeful that this time things will start being better.
837	9.0	"I have been on Klonopin for over a decade with success from my previous anxiety, frustration and anger feelings. I rate this medication a nine because alone it's not 100% (it's used in adjunct with counseling and Sertraline). I take 2mg ""in the morning"" and the only side effect for me, is feeling like me again; relaxed, confident, alert and in control. The dosage is too much for most but for me (with a high tolerance) it keeps me in control. I have heard of some that use it successfully for insomnia; not me. Its long lasting properties allow that I take it with breakfast and coast all day/night on it. I never notice an effect from it, until I don't take it: Then the anxiety, indecision with tiredness reappears. So I'm on it for life, and that's okay."
838	9.0	"I have been on Klonopin for over a decade with success from my previous anxiety, frustration &amp; anger feelings. I rate this medication a nine because alone it's not 100% (it's used in adjuct with counseling &amp; Sertraline). I take 2mg ""in the morning"" and the only side effect for me, is feeling like me again; relaxed, confident, alert and in control. The dosage is too much for most but for me (with a high tolerance) it keeps me in control. It's long lasting properties allow that I take it with breakfast, &amp; coast all day/ night on it. I never notice an effect from it, until I don't take it: Then the anxiety, indecision with tiredness re-appears. So I'm on it for life, and that's okay."
839	10.0	This medicine has literally saved my life. I have tried almost every other medicine for severe anxiety attacks and this is the only one that has ever truly worked without any side effects. My panic attacks were so bad I just couldn't function and live a normal life, it made me so depressed. I even ended up in the ER several times. I am such a different person now since taking Klonopin, I am so much happier, confident, calm and pleasant to be around. Highly recommended.
840	2.0	I had several side effects, I take an antideppresant and when I took the colonazepam it made it 10 times worse. It didnt work for me.
841	9.0	I take 0.25mg whenever I feel anxious with some propranolol to calm down my heart rate (sometimes feeling my heart beat fast can cause anxiety), and it usually does the trick. I'm switching to 0.5mg in hopes that I can just take one 0.5mg pill without the propranolol. Just so you know, the half-life of this medication is 18-50 hours, meaning you'll feel some of the effects for that long, which is really nice when you have a stressful few days.
842	10.0	Klonopin was prescribed to me when I first took my Risperdal. After a month and a half I stopped taking all my medication. When I was put back on Risperdal I wasn't put back on the Klonopin. That is when I found out that Klonopin is why I felt so good. I like it better than Ativan. If you ever need to stop recycling the same stressful thoughts that are killing you, Klonopin will help.
843	8.0	My husband of 41 years passed away 5 months ago.  I went under care at a mental health clinic for therapy and group therapy.  They changed my clonazepam to 1 mg per day. I had two incidents of crying uncontrollably and they upped the medicine to 1 to 3 per day.  This made me sleep a lot during the day. Finally the psychiatrist did a medical check and has changed my medications to different times of the day and has the clonazepam 1 to 3 times on as needed basis.  He said I could also cut them in half and take 1/2 the dosage at a time to keep from sleeping all the time.  Yesterday I didn't take the medicine at all and today I woke shaking and cramping in my legs. Took the medicine and it all stopped. Good for anxiety.
844	8.0	I was prescribed this medicine for panic attacks, anxiety and difficulty falling asleep.  I initially started with Xanax, but Clonazepam was offered as a better, longer-acting, less habit-forming alternative. It has been very helpful to me. I am a big person (250lbs), and was prescribed 1/2-1 mg as needed. I've taken one almost every night during this rough patch (3 weeks). It takes a good hour or so for it to kick in for me, but when it does, I get drowsy and get a good night sleep. 1/2 pill didn't do too much for me, though. 1 does well, and 1.5 seems even better.
845	9.0	It is a good medicine to treat certain mental conditions.
846	10.0	Works great for anxiety.
847	8.0	Although it does work very well; after extreme anxiety I feel normal and able to function well and think calmly. However, just wanted to caution people that long term use can result in dreadful withdrawal.
848	10.0	Ever since I was taken ill with mono and strep which occurred at the same time, I have suffered terrible anxiety, OCD with my throat, and some other strange changes.  I had been through Zoloft, Prozac, and Paxil until I was given chlorazepate.  Chlorazepate was the only one that even worked in the slightest.  I told my doctor I could tell it was working but felt that there might be something better,  That's where Klonopin comes in.  It helps control my anxiety and OCD to a manageable level.  Sometimes I'll just break them in half and take 0.5mg in a day, other days sometimes ill need to take 2-3. Basically it has changed my life for the better and I'm glad to have finally found a medicine that works.
849	10.0	I take Wellbutrin XL in the day for depression, anxiety and bipolar and clonazepam at night and it has done wonders for me. I'm in complete control, no side effects like many other medicines. Took a lot of other medicines and I quit because none of them were any good but these two medicines Wellbutrin XL and clonazepam at night have been my life saver.
850	10.0	I have suffered almost all my life (childhood to 52 years old) with anxiety, mood swings, rage, muscle aches, irritable bowel, teeth clenching, heart palpitations, etc, etc, etc.  I have been called a hypochondriac.  This is the first time I have taken this medicine and it has helped minimize or completely elevate my symptoms.   I just wish I was given this earlier in my life. It would have saved me from a whole lot of suffering.
851	10.0	After taking many medications that were supposed to help with my anxiety, my doctor finally prescribed me Klonopin.  It works great, after only a few minutes I feel entirely better and it doesn't knock me out like the other medications did.  I can still function normally.  
852	9.0	"I have been on benzodiazzepines on and off since I was 20..I'm now 51. Specifically, clonanzepam for the last 3-4 years. It's the ONLY one out of the many medications that I've been prescribed over the last 30 years that remains effective. I'm also on methadone. Many studies state that there is a major interaction of these two medicines. I have been on this regimen for almost 4 years and it has been nothing but helpful in maintaining a ""normal"" lifestyle. Whatever ""normal"" is!"
853	9.0	I agree, Xanax works well but in limited duration - Klonopin is better because it relaxes you for longer. Just mellows you out so you don't freak out- has changed my life and made it better. My doctor told me to let it dissolve on my tongue, since I have issues with burning tongue from a nerve injury. This has added benefits of helping me not panic about the pain, and other things I feel out of control of in my life. I take a small dose and feel that I can continue taking for awhile without negative side effects, though it can make you a little drowsy during the work day.
854	9.0	I'm a chronic pain patient who has had three lumbar spinal fusions plus eight pedicle screws and plates. The anxiety started after almost 16 years of daily pain. If it weren't for Klonopin and Avinza, I couldn't work. I'm an engineer and go to work every day. Some days are tough and I need help getting out of the car when I get home, but with these medicines I'm still working and enjoying life.
855	10.0	I have a severe panic disorder as well as OCD and I have to say since being on Klonopin (for about 2 years now) I take it 2/2 x a day) it has helped me SO MUCH. I haven't tried the other ones that are listed on here so I'm not sure how good those are.
856	10.0	Klonopin is the only anti anxiety medicine that works for me. I have tried Ativan and Xanax- they both do not take away the effects anxiety has on my body (tense muscles) and when they wear off, I feel way more anxious then when I take them. I have been on it for 13 years and yes I have developed a tolerance and need to take 3 x 0.5 mg per day, but for me it is the only anti-anxiety medication I will ever take.
857	8.0	I've suffered from  mild anxiety for about 15 years now, to the point that my self esteem was VERY low and getting depressed because of it. I was having social phobia as well. I'm 40 yrs old and I think my hormones was making my anxiety worse during my period. I finally got the nerve of going to a doctor for medicines. I thought I could beat this on my own but at this point I just couldn't. The Doctor prescribed Paxil and Clonazepam. I decided to try Clonazepam at 0.025 and I already feel like myself again. I'm going to wait now and not use Paxil. Will also try Yoga and exercise and vitamins and see if it helps as well. 
858	10.0	It works great, especially for sleep.
859	10.0	I think that this medication is a life saver. It relieves anxiety and stops my panic attacks.
860	10.0	This drug worked miracles for me.  I'm in my mid-30s and never had anxiety problems until about a year ago. I finally went to a doctor about it.  He prescribed me Klonopin and Lexapro.  I was skeptical about what a drug would do since my anxiety was so extreme, but, after a couple days on Klonopin it wiped all of the anxiety away and I was back to normal.  I definitely recommend it.
861	10.0	"I have been taking Klonopin for 5-6 years now. I think it is a wonder drug and I couldn't function without it. I have (social) anxiety disorder with a history of panic attacks many years ago. I generally take 0.25mg one to four times a day (as needed) and 0.5mg before bed as it helps me sleep. I cut my scored 0.5mg pills in half. My doctor has prescribed 2mg/day but I rarely exceed 1.5mg total and probably only average 1-1.25mg. In all the time I've taken it, I've never had a desire to increase it because it simply ""works"" and makes me feel 100% normal with no side effects. I took Valium (diazepam) for many years but I always felt anxious as it was wearing off and before taking more. Klonopin doesn't have that effect on me probably because of the long half-life and the way I space it out. I fully expect to take it for the rest of my life."
862	10.0	Works really well for panic disorder for at night. I don't normally tolerate a lot of medicines!
863	10.0	"I've taken Klonopin as needed for several years now.  It is the only thing that works when I feel a major anxiety issue coming on from progressing into a full blown debilitating attack.  However, it always helps with that, too.  

Like someone else said, it has a longer half life and you don't experience the drop off anxiety spike like some people do with Xanax.  Xanax actually made me feel more anxious when it wore off between doses.

I haven't had a problem with dependency as I only take it for a few weeks at a time every other year or so.  I'm careful to taper off over a couple weeks so I don't get rebound anxiety.

All in all, it's been a lifesaver for me."
864	10.0	Klonopin is a wonderful drug for anxiety and panic attacks.  However, once you start it is very hard to come off of.  I stopped for 2 yrs and it took me 8 months to feel normal again.  But if you really need it, this in my opinion works wonderful for anxiety and panic attacks.
865	10.0	Before I started taking clonazepam, my therapist and I worked for 2 years on CBT. It wasn%u2019t working. I was hesitant to take medication for fear that I would be dependent and eventually addicted to medication. After assurance from both my therapist and PCP that Klonopin was not as addictive as other anti anxiety medication. Clonazepam has allowed me to effectively used CBT and other coping mechanisms more effectively, so much so that I am able to use these methods and calm myself down without taking them. If I take one close to my bedtime it helps me fall asleep, however, I take one during the day. I do feel sleepy, but am able to function. I also do not find myself addicted to them. There are times when a 30 day prescription will last for more that 3 months.
866	9.0	"I think this drug works.  Took the wafers after my boyfriend died and they helped me get through the day really well.  I don't feel like this is nearly as strong as Xanax or Ativan and I function perfectly normally when taking it.  I was prescribed 1 mg 3x/day and it was good, then was put on 0.5mg 3x and I don't notice it at all.  I take Effexor also which helps with anxiety.  Also, recovering heroin addict so this plus Suboxone helps a lot although doctor doesn't like to prescribe it because I have a history of serious addiction.  Be wary, this is one of those drugs like Xanax where you can take a lot and think you are okay but everyone else can see that you are ""off"". Don't mix with narcotics."
867	10.0	"I have been on Klonopin for years now to treat my severe anxiety.  Initially I tried other things like Xanax, Ativan, and Valium.  None of those compared to the relief I felt taking this.  The only downside is having to take more due to tolerance increasing, but it seems a very small price to pay to be able to function in the ""real world"". I recommend this to anyone who needs help managing their anxiety, well in conjunction with therapy."
868	9.0	13 years ago I had my first panic attack and it lasted for almost 18 hours.  I thought I was losing my mind and literally was on the verge of taking a bottle full of Trazadone. I was referred to a psychiatrist after my PCP diagnosed me with anxiety disorder and prescribed Valium, which did nothing to alleviate the anxiety I was feeling. My psychiatrist first started me on Ativan (the generic form, Lorazapam) and I would fall asleep almost instantly.  I was sleeping most of the day with a 4 year old son and a new born daughter!  After I complained enough, I was switched to Klonopin (the generic form, Clonazepam) and it was a God send!  I let it dissolve under my tongue and in less than 15 minutes I'm free from anxiety and have a life!
869	9.0	For me it has worked great. At first when I felt a panic attack coming on I took .5mg as soon as I felt it coming on and within 5-10 min I felt incredibly better. After about 3-4 months I was up to 1mg daily at most. It seemed to lose effectiveness after about 5 months so my Dr has tried other medications and weened me off the klonopin. After several months of trial and error (Guinea-pigging) I asked the Dr to put me back on the klonopin and it has since worked great again. Ive been back on it for about a month now. Hope it continues to work. I rated a 9/10 only because it lost effectiveness for awhile.
870	8.0	My doctor prescribed Klonopin for anxiety and it has worked...like a warm comforting blanket wrapping around you. This is only my second day on the this new medicine but it has lessened my desire for the opiates I was on, or at least made it a lot more comfortable and I can function without feeling so many of the discomforts of withdrawal coming off Vicodin. My doctor prescribed 1mg 3 X a day. I'm taking as directed and with prayer and faith, I'll not only get through this but the more important issue is going to Duke University Medical Center because my husband is at risk for a massive stroke unless they perform a surgical procedure that only a few doctors in the world can perform..two are at Duke. 
871	10.0	Klonopin has made me the woman I was prior to menopause. I am so very grateful. I could no longer stand the sleepless nights, horrific night and day sweats, constipation, anger attacks, anxiety attacks and bouts of depression. A friend told me about Klonopin. It works without causing any side effects. I pray it continues as I honestly wished to just not exist any longer. I am once again functioning daily, interacting with family and feeling normal/rested/happy each day.
872	8.0	"This drug is pretty good. I like how 1 dose can last most of the day, but I was on 1mg klonopin after being on 2x2mg lorazepam a day and the klonopin doesn't seem as effective. I like it because it does not cause as much drowsiness as Xanax, but it does make me a lot more drowsy than lorazepam. You can take it once a day for simplicity, but like all benzodiazapines are addictive.

I started suffering bad panic attacks after switching, but I believe that was the mistake of my doctor by not converting the doses correctly."
873	10.0	Scared of flying - took some and woke up 11 hours later safe an sound but still out my face - good times.
874	4.0	Not as effective as Ativan, Valium and many other Benzodiazepines
875	10.0	I have terrible problems with anxiety. Psychiatrists tried me on mood stabilizers which are terrrible and made me sick. My doctor tried Xanax and it made me drowsy and it couldn't touch my anxiety. I finally found a doctor who prescribed me Clonazepam and my anxiety completely disappeared. My doctor realized that the chance of getting addicted to this drug was outweighed by what my anxiety was doing to me. I take as little as I can because I don't want to be addicted to anything but my anxiety would have killed me eventually. I am going to try to quit every so often to see if my condition has changed, I don't plan to stay on this all my life.
876	10.0	"Took me almost 20 years to get to the bottom of anxiety, panic, and obsessive unwanted thoughts. Finally in a 3 day uncontrollable stint of anxiety and panic with zero sleep and zero relaxation I went to my doctor, he gave me Klonopin to get it settled down. It was almost like heaven to feel like a normal human being again. I have always been a confident enthusiastic person but this sickness took me to the bottom.
Thank God the medical community finally (after many visits to different doctors with no luck) told me that I have anxiety/panic syndrome. 0.5 milligrams as needed maybe once or twice a week. I would be a broken man without this answer."
877	10.0	This is the only medicine I've ever used that has helped decrease my anxiety.
878	7.0	Works pretty well on my anxiety, just wished it worked faster. It makes me sleepy if I take a larger does. I only take 0.25 mg right now, very low dose!
879	9.0	As well adapt to the blind-sided panics, this medicine does thoroughly well and makes brief adjustments to trigger an alarm to buzz and slows them down in a hurry.
880	10.0	I have been on a variety of medicines that never seemed to help me with anxiety. I have been taking 2mg of Klonopin 3 times a day for almost a year, and they have calmed me down tremendously. I was always anxious about everything, from bills to jobs to family...you name it. This medicine along with journal writing has also helped manage my anger problems too. I've tried to wean myself off of it several times, but I usually end up anxious and frustrated all over again. I just have to accept that Klonopin is now a part of my life for longer than expected. Two thumbs up!
881	10.0	I used to be prescribed oxycontin, and became very addicted to pain medicines. I take Klonopin now after detoxing to keep me straight, and take the edge off. This pill keeps me satisfied as far as wanting to use an opiate (pain killers), because I have a very strong mental and physical addiction to opiates.
882	10.0	"This medicine has saved my life. I suffered from terrible anxiety at times. Changed Doctors and they recognized this and prescribed 0.5mg 2 x a day, 1 in the morning , 1 at night,
Cant remember when I have been so productive. Thanks to my Doctor."
883	8.0	This pill is awesome, helps me sleep.
884	9.0	They work well. I like Valium better though, but this is pretty good too.
885	10.0	I have used the generic clonazepam for about 6 month now...it's been the most effective anti-anxiety medication I have ever taken. Having had anxiety problems all my life. It's nice to live normally again. It also takes away some pelvic pain I've experienced due to sitting at my job for over 30 years under stress.  And it's a great sleep aid. I suffered from insomnia for years. This drug has proven itself to me. If I have to take it for the rest of my life so be it.
886	10.0	Works fast and is great for anxiety.  Lasts a long time and really just calms me down through times of stress.  Don't know what I would do without it.
887	10.0	Takes Care of anxiety.
888	10.0	Klonopin has totally reduced my general anxiety, especially in social situations, and when communicating to others. It can be somewhat sedating, and also makes a decent sleep aid, although I've had better ones. So overall it's great though. Better then Ativan in my opinion. I take 1 to 3 mg daily.
889	8.0	Works well but I need it 3 x a day.
890	10.0	I started off 0.5 mg 2x per day. I now take 1mg of Klonopin 3x per day. I no longer have the unsteadiness on my feet and my anxiety has decreased even more (this despite being unemployed, as well as being a burn patient with severe nerve pain). Only caveat is to take EXACTLY as prescribed, otherwise will become dependent or have severe withdrawal if taken more than supposed to. 
891	9.0	Have to use this just to get through the day. Thankful for it though.
892	10.0	I have been on 1 mg 3 x daily for anxiety for approximately 1 year and 0.5mg 2 x daily for the last 6 years. It was a life saver during times of anxiety and stress during my divorce and recently during my discovery of bipolar illness.  It works wonderfully for irritability with other drug reactions. Recently I was taken off the drug by my doctor because of habit forming controversy. Didn't think I was addicted because I took only on an as needed basis and did not follow directions precisely. Although I did experience severe irritation within 3 to 10 days of being off medication, I still feel for many people this medication is a necessity.
893	7.0	I have a lot going on in my life and so far with the terrible panic attacks that I'm getting, Klonopin seems to work most times. My Doctor just increased my dose to 1mg so we'll see if that helps a little better.
894	10.0	It works the best for me.
895	7.0	I have been using this drug 1mg x 3 when required, for 1 year now. It is very helpful when needed. I have had anxiety for more than 20 years. Have tried many medicines that didn't touch it. This also helps me sleep like a baby, when I take it at bed. Yet when taken during the day I am not sleepy from it at all. It's wonderful, and works quickly!
896	10.0	I have taken this medication daily for a few years. Right now I take 1mg daily. It doesn't give me that drugged up feeling, and at the same time seems to help improve my mood. Sometimes I take an extra one when I have severe PMS or increased anxiety - and it works great. It's a subtle calmness that slowly starts when I take it and lasts for a long time. I would suggest this medication to anyone with anxiety or mood disorder.
897	10.0	This has helped me with my anxiety. My depression is even better than when I took antidepressant medicines. I take them as prescribed as I do not want any dependency. So if you need a medicine for anxiety or panic this is a good choice.
898	10.0	I've been taking 1 mg of Klonopin for a year now and have tried so many others. It works better then anything I've had. I have very bad anxiety which just comes out of no where. Also had a problem with just being in public and now I can. I wouldn't make it without it.
899	9.0	Instant relief in 2 minutes. Tastes horrible. Usage 2 - 3 times a day. 2 - 4 drops on plastic spoon.
900	8.0	It's strong and it works. Slows you down a bit and there is some drowsiness but if you are suffering it's worth the trade off.
901	8.0	I have terrible Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and this medication has helped me so much.
902	4.0	Generic clonazepam isn't as effective as Klonopin. The generic doesn't work as fast to stop a panic attack.
903	10.0	I have been taking clonazepam for ten years. I have Menieres and TN. This is a wonderful medication that has saved the quality of my life. Thanks for good doctors.
904	9.0	"I've been on 1mg / day of Klonopin for over 2 years now, for social anxiety disorder. It saved my life, which was spinning out of control. Panic attacks that would come out of nowhere. Embarrassing social situations, awful feelings of dread. It's settled me back down ad allowed me to be myself again, more or less. I hate the fact that I am dependent on a drug to be ""normal"". It's a secret I keep from everyone in my life. I know I'm dependent on it now because I went 3 days without it once, and on the 3rd day, I was Mr. Anxiety again, but worse. Trembling hands, motor skills out of whack, disorientation. "
905	9.0	I started Klonopin 3 weeks ago. I take 0.5 mg 2 x day. I feel much better on Klonopin. The only side effect I've noticed is slight unsteadiness on feet.
906	1.0	This medicine through me into fits of rage. Scary times for my loved ones.
907	9.0	Works great for me. I take one when an attack starts and they work in minutes.
908	10.0	Best medicine for anxiety.
909	9.0	I have been on Klonopin for a few years now for anxiety/panic attack issues. Dosage = 1 mg 3 x day and as needed. It has been extremely effective without side effects like making me feel really tired. In fact, I don't really seem to notice any side effects.
910	9.0	"Given the length of time (10 years) I've been on the medication, my doctors don't want to take me off it because of the addictive issues. It still works extremely well if I take it in time (when I feel that an anxiety attack is getting ready to start). After the onset of the attack, the medication no longer works.

Even though I developed additional anxiety issues, my doctors don't want to use it for that because it will only be feeding my addiction and not the condition."
911	10.0	"I have suffered from anxiety for 20 years on and off, and mostly when I drive or when I'm a passenger. I have always been afraid of medicine even Tylenol. I finally broke down and saw a Doctor and she put me on Paxil. For a week I could not sleep for more than an hour at a time and I could not eat and had dry mouth. I had to force bananas and apples down with water and was getting sick from not sleeping and eating and my anxiety was non stop.
I stopped taking the medicine and went to the hospital; and he gave me a shot of Clonazepam and I went home and felt great and ate great that night, and slept great.
My Doctor prescribed it for me at 0.5 mg twice a day or whenever needed. I take 1/2 a pill a day and my life is great. No anxiety, no side effects."
912	9.0	I've been on it for 2 years and YES it is a great drug to help with anxiety. Without it my life wouldn't be the same at all. It is very hard to come off of. But you have to make a choice to live with the pain of anxiety or be addicted to something that fixes the problem. Neither one is great but I don't like pain.
913	9.0	I have been on Klonopin for a few years now, and it really does work great for anxiety, but there are some long term issues I don't think people realize. Being that it is a benzodiazepine, it is very difficult to come off. You must be weaned off slowly. I was on 10mg a day. To treat for severe anxiety, definitely does that.
914	10.0	Helped with my recovery from being in Iraq.
915	8.0	While I was in the hospital I met the doctor I have now and he gave me clonazepam. It took a little while to get my medicines straightened but now I am a happy wife, mom and grandma. My family loves the change.
916	8.0	I definitely noticed a difference since I stopped taking klonopin about two weeks ago now. I wanted to see if I could deal with life without being medicated. On the plus side it also took my migraines away and didn't make me edgy like other medicines I've been on. I took it with Wellbutrin. It took care of my depression and anxiety perfectly.
917	1.0	Very weak medication, suggest to your doctor to prescribe something else.
918	10.0	This pill this the best for most depression and anxiety. No side effects. Also non-habit forming for me.
919	9.0	Recently I was prescribed klonopin 1mg, not only for anxiety but to help alleviate my muscle cramps, which I think is caused by the Seroquel I take for mood stabilization and sleep. Klonopin works great. No more tremors, cramps or anxiety. It is very effective. It works better than any related drug.
920	9.0	I have used Clonazepam for over 10 years. Dosage: Three 0.5mg daily. It has helped quieten the General Anxiety Disorder most of the time.  For Panic Attack Disorder, my episodes are intense that I need to use a sublingual Ativan as that works faster for me. I don't think I'd be on this planet were it not for these medicines. 
921	6.0	I've been taking Klonopin for about 3 months now. Although it does alleviate my anxiety levels, I find that I sometimes get agitated very easily and become short tempered.
922	10.0	This medicine works wonders for daily anxiety and is better than using Xanax all day because it lasts much longer.  I take Xanax when there is extra anxiety and the two work together perfectly.
923	10.0	Mood is calm after taking 1mg in the afternoon. If I have an outright panic attack I take ativan and 25mg of seroquel at night to help sleep.
924	9.0	They work well and don't cost as much.
925	7.0	This medicine if taken as prescribed is very useful and has saved me from having a melt down plenty of times.
926	7.0	I feel better since switching to Klonopin.
927	10.0	I have taken this drug for 22 years. I take 1 mg tablet 3 times a day. It has helped me greatly. I am taking it for anxiety and have had no problems with it.
928	8.0	Good medication when used at the right dosage. Stronger than Xanax dose for dose, but has to be discussed with the doctor.
929	9.0	I have bipolar disorder and OCD.  I have been taking this drug for about 20 years.  It changed my life.  My anxiety level was so high I was not able to go anywhere.  For me, it is a miracle drug.
930	10.0	By far the most effective medication I have tried (out of at least a dozen) for treating my severe social anxiety and panic attacts.  Virtually all symptoms were relieved.
931	10.0	It does not make me near as tired and drowsy as Xanax and other anti-anxiety.
932	9.0	I have had moderate anxiety with agoraphobia for about 5 years. The peak of it came about just before my first day at work, My doctor placed me on 0.5mg/day when required. I took the pill 2 days prior to work and thank goodness, I was able to focus and speak my mind. Downside is the drowsiness side effect.
933	10.0	Seriously I would be dead without this medication. Pop culture has given it the bad rep but as a prescribed user of this god sent medicine from the beautiful minds at pfizer I humbly thank you for saving my life. Had I known and addressed my severe depression, agoraphobia, anxiety &amp; PTSD, (the alphabet goes on).. I would have NEVER SUFFERED FROM A STROKE IN 2010 DUE TO MY CONDITIONS that I had no idea there was a word for what's wrong with me. This is a quick acting short shelf life in the system type of medicine so it's a here, now, gone feeling. The low doses are like a mini invisible hug, the 2 mgs help me sleep and dream of a better life and wake up to my Starbucks  feeling alert as the medicine did it's thing on my heart and mind. If during the day I feel sick with chest pain from anxiety it offers immediate relief. I am responsible in my consumption. Thank you to the hard working medical professionals for understanding the pain of the unseen sicknesses.
934	1.0	This does't work
935	10.0	͏Li͏f͏e saver indeed. Sometimes I feel as if I can’t breathe and small places freak me out so this medication cures that !
936	10.0	After 23 years of severe anxiety/panic disorder alprazolam is a miracle drug for me. I went from avoiding phone calls and knocks on the door to walking into a room full of strangers.
937	2.0	Careful with this one. Very addictive. It was prescribed for anxiety but after a while I found myself habitually taking it and getting desperately anxious when I didn’t. Addiction to barbiturates in my mid forties was not part of the plan, so I stopped. Withdrawals were terrible. I also, experienced short term memory issues. I achieved safer results with anti-depressants, although they take a week or more to ‘work’ they are not addictive. Lifestyle changes also helped, no drinking, took up jogging, gym and watching what I eat and being more mindful of the spiritual aspects of life. Pretty obvious stuff really...
938	7.0	I’m a very anxious person and have frequent panic attacks. I also suffer from PTSD I’ve been abused as a child and during my marriage and I have been raped 2 times and my anxiety level is off the chart. In all reality this medicine has saved my life.
939	10.0	"Worked great for 17 year! Now the VA changed to Hydroxyine Pamoate ! (IT SUCKS).
Baclofen! (IT SUCKS).
Why is it that when you have something that works; some doctor higher up the food chain, changes my meds because they are worried they are Addictive?
My Father always told me ""If is not broken, do not try and fix it or make it better!"""
940	10.0	I've taken xanax regularly for ~5 years. Having to deal with severe family issues, my general anxiety disorder has ramped up considerably these past 5 years. My dosage varies, as I take it as needed. Some days I take 1mg and many days I take none at all. I probably average .25mg/day and it has been extremely beneficial to me. Even on my worst days I realize that taking more won't help, and I will just have to get through that day at a maximum of 1mg. For me, xanax has been a very helpful tool in my turbulent life and as things start to level out, my usage decreases.
941	9.0	Taking low dosage daily no more than 0.750 mg in any days anxiety cause by family issues however I don’t drink or take any drugs this medication along with exercises help me greatly there are days I don’t take any it works great I can actually leave a normal life hope this can help others
942	10.0	Xanax is my miracle drug, but if you run out you are in for big trouble.  You can have seizures, a stoke, or even death.  Please be careful...but it definitely changed my life and has actually given my life back.
943	10.0	I suffer from panic disorder along with GAD and a few other issues. I've been on most meds, Klonopin on and off for 20 years because Drs are too scared to prescribe Xanax which in my opinion is my life saver.  I stopped taking the meds that weren't working as well anymore and after another severe panic attack that lasted over a hour my friend gave me a few Xanax bars. I took half of one and it almost immediately ended my terror and panic feeling. I don't take them everyday only when my anxiety acts up and I don't suffer any issues or withdrawals. I also have insomnia and this drug always helps unlike Ambien which does nothing. This medication is a godsend and I don't plan on giving them up anytime soon.
944	10.0	I have had bad anxiety for years. Started with busipro but It gave me nightmares and made me stutter a little bit so I stopped the pill.  I went in for my board exam for Respiratory care and I failed. During the end of my test My heart started racing,  chest pain. I was having a panic attack. I went to the doctor and I was prescribed Xanax. She told me to take 1/2 a pill 0.5 before my test and I did. During my test I felt calm, normal, fresh mind. I could think clearly. I wasnt anxious at all. I passed. Its been a great pill. I love it. But tonight I took 1/2 before bed and 30 minutes later I started crying. I am depressed too before starting pills. But for the most part xanax has been so good to me.
945	10.0	"I have had panic attacks on planes and I stopped traveling for a while. However, after being prescribed Alprazolam 1mg to take 1 hour before boarding, I never experienced one panic attack anymore. Life-saving drug!
I am 6 ft 3, 103kg, 1mg - 1 hour before the flight works like a charm. 

Side effects experienced: - Loss of memory (Ended up with a 3£ charge on my card from Ryanair and had to contact them to see what was that about - apparently bought a bottle of water during the flight. 3£ for a bottle of water...)

Apart from this side effect, everything was ok. Calm, very calm!"
946	10.0	I have my life back because of xanax. I have suffered from anxiety my entire life but somehow kept it manageable until my fifties. I was getting more and more agoraphobic and afraid to drive. Finally, I found myself pacing the house, unable to sleep and scared that I was actually going to harm myself. I have been on .5 mg xanax xr up to three times daily for almost two years and I am fully functioning again.
947	10.0	It helps people who need it so much. I just hate how the media portrays it as a horrible drug.
948	10.0	I have been using this drug on and off for 6 years and it works fairly well even at low doses. Originally I took it for anxiety but now I take it for tinnitus. I  think it can cause tinnitus.  I take half of a 1mg pill before bed.  I can go without it for days but do get some withdrawal symptoms.  It still works after years of use.
949	1.0	Pill seems to be fake. 
950	6.0	Very peppermint tasting
951	9.0	I took Xanax at a party about a year ago, &amp; I was so surprised with the outcome. I was shocked to find out that it actually relieved me of my anxiety. It  actually benefiting me in a positive way. I’ve been on Sertraline for about 6 years now, and I’ve thought about talking to my therapist about switching me to Xanax due to the experience I had with it. I may sound really dumb, but it worked like magic.
952	1.0	The pills that say Xanax on the front and 2 on the back and they are rectangular, they are fake. Be aware
953	5.0	I was taking 2mg Xanax XR in the morning and before bed. I took 1 mg Xanax XR in the afternoon. If I would forget to take my meds in the morning, by 1:00 in the afternoon my head would start buzzing, I was agitated and in horrible shape. For years I was living in a fog. I was safely detoxed in the hospital for three days a little over a week ago. The doctor prescribed me 10 mg of Librium 3x day. This medication is mainly used for alcohol detox. It has worked wonders for me. It is another type of benzo, but for the first time in years I am happy and feel alive again. Please do not take Xanax lightly, it is an addictive viscous cycle that can make you feel worse in the long run.
954	10.0	I take xanax to help me sleep and I also take it for anxiety when needed. I haven't really been having problems with either sleep or anxiety for the last 8 months or so. So I have just been taking .25 mg (a half-dose for me) at bedtime. I have been taking xanax on and off for about 10 years. My experience with it has been nothing but positive. I have never had any negative side effects. It just calms me down a little bit and makes me feel feel a little more relaxed. I have never needed to take a bigger dose than .5 mg. It has not been addicting to me at all. But that is probably because I have rarely had to take it more than once a day. A few times when I had bad anxiety, I had to take it twice a day, but those times have been very rare.
955	10.0	I had always suffered from stress, panic attacks, fear of leaving my home or being around people. Fear of going to the grocery store or being judged, attacked in one form or another. I never felt comfortable or that I fit in anywhere. I have PTSD and severe anxiety disorder. I fear the worse all the time. I didn't get started on benzodiazepines until later in life and they helped me in so many ways. Xanax works best for me. They have made it so I want to live. They don't make me tired. I sleep at night without having nightmares and wake up ready to face the day. Yes, I have become dependant on them and what is wrong with needing a medicine that has such a positive affect on my life. My doctor is gone so I have no one to help me.
956	10.0	"I suffered (Idio Pathic) seizures, begining when I was about 14 years old. No lesions on my brain! Then came the Panic Attacks! I was always hyper, as well as my entire family. I thought it was ""Normal"". Never understood how others where so ""Calm"". I became a Hair Stylist, and began to make lots of money, goergous women,Yes I am straight),however the attacks kept on coming! I moved from N.J. to Miami. Finally I wound up at a clinic. The shrink gave me a little pink pill and for the first time in my life,I felt like everyone else!!!!! I am now 60 years old! If it weren't for xanax,I would be Searching for illegal alternatives. WARNING. Never take more than prescribed! 30 something years later, I never abuse. Also don't mix it with anything ."
957	10.0	This medication is only one for stress panic attacks and more. Others do not work as well.  Especially if you're going to work or sleep it makes you  relax. But only take it how doctor prescribes for you.
958	6.0	Helped mildly shortly
959	9.0	Works excellent for anxiety. Have horrible social anxiety which I also take Zoloft for but xanax doesn’t really help with it. Not knowing cause my Dr’s didn’t tell me but after being on this a while and at a high dose (for me up to 3mg/day) if you don’t take it everyday you feel like rubbish. Took me almost 2 years to figure this out so regardless if I need it or not I take maybe 1mg as a maintenance dose in the middle of the day. Greatly helps to not feel sick. I also take 30mg of Temazepam at night which I thought would cover me. But for the past 10 days my mood has been really bad, the worst in years and a couple mg’s of Xanax greatly improves it but wouldn’t recommend it since it’s not prescribed to take it that way
960	10.0	I was diagnosed with panic disorder and generalised anxiety disorder 24 years ago. I suffered for many years during that time and did not take any medication with the view that I would fix the issue naturally. I tried the natural way for years, avoidance behaviour became the norm and a way of coping. 9 years ago I was at tipping point in a very stressful job and finally was prescribed xanax (alprazolam) by a GP. For the first time since my teens when the anxiety began, I finally had relief. This medication has been a complete game changer for me and has improved my quality of life by 1000%. I have been taking 0.5 mg twice a day for the past 8 years and haven't had to increase the dosage. This medication is now sadly classified as a level 8 drug in Australia due to people who don't need it abusing the drug and ruining it for those who really need it. My psychiatrist is now trying to switch me to Ativan. I have been taking it for approximately a month now and it makes me feel depressed and empty and I have never had depression. I need 2 mg to ease my anxiety (double the dose of xanax) and it basically makes me feel like crap. Feeling incredibly overwhelmed and annoyed that this medication which has helped me so much will probably no longer be available in Australia.
961	10.0	"Alprazolam &amp; Prozac for anxiety/depression.

Lamictal for Depression

Cocktail is a ""10"""
962	1.0	"STAY AWAY FROM XANAX. Please!! It will help you -- in the moment. But literally hours later, the rebound anxiety and insomnia will hit you and make you regret taking it at all in the first place. And before you know it you'll go from half a bar to multiple bars just to sleep at night. Oh, and the increased despersonalizion and dark thoughts are not potential ""side effects"" -- they are some of the many very real, consistently DIRECT EFFECTS of taking Xanax. Benzos should be used as rarely and as short-term as possible. Even in these cases the withdrawal is VERY real...it hurts just to live. Please. Take my word for it. I'm going through it for the TENTH time right now. ADDICTIVE"
963	10.0	Xanax has been great for me! I have suffered horribly for years from GAD, PTSD, bipolar disorder, fibromyalgia... and many more health problems. It actually gives me energy to get things done, and allows for peace and tranquility. I'm prescribed 3mg per day and it also helps me sleep at night. I've had trouble sleeping for years, but this medication has helped so much.
964	10.0	Xanax has helped me with my activity's anxiety, I have a hard time going out being around people especially, when going places like the doctors, shopping, I have a hard time being around people or even just going outdoors also just going outside in general. I don't like being away from home that's my safe zone. I get scared when I here loud loud noises, I'm afraid people are going to hurt me or the ones I love, I am happy with my dogs and cats want to be left alone, Away from the rest of the world. here are only a few that I can trust, my mother, father, My Dave plus my children, plus my therapist Mark.
965	10.0	I got prescribed 0.5mg of Xanax, that I take once a day. My wife had just died. My anxiety was so bad I would not leave the house nor would I barely eat. It made me feel alive again and I'm able to function, and get out and socialize like a normal person again. I actually have a appetite now, and I'm getting good sleep again, which I haven't felt in a long time. Xanax really saved my life.
966	9.0	I have gone on and off Xanax for a few years now and all I can say is that it WORKS! I take 0.5-1 mg as needed. It kicks in pretty quickly and it's the only med I've tried that can stop a severe panic attack in its tracks. It has helped me regain control of my life and think clearly in stressful situations. I don't get drowsy or feel impaired as long as I don't take more than my dose. Works better for me than Ativan and clonazepam. Make sure you properly taper off this med if you take it for more than a few weeks- I tried to stop cold turkey once and it felt awful.
967	2.0	"Dad always had some amount of general anxiety but managed it reasonably.  In approx 1982 he was prescribed Xanax after his Dad died unexpectedly and he was instructed to take X as needed.  He's been on and off X ever since then and has needed progressively more.  About 20 years ago he ""graduated"" to other medications including anti-depressants and at one point was on a combo that resulted in a nearly-successful suicide attempt.  He never had suicidal thoughts before or after that particular combo.  He's now old and his life is in ruins.  He takes X throughout the day but is at the max and cannot take more.  Please be aware once you start on these medications you're in it for life.  Dr's know this -- job security for them!"
968	8.0	Since my dad got sick and eventually passed away my anxiety depression and fears were just over whelming. I've been having so many intrusive thoughts since then. I had mild depression before he passed its been 5 years and its finally just has destroyed me. I finally went and got help two weeks ago and xanax not only completely calms me down it helps me focus on thing I need to focus on and not let my mind wonder with anxiety and weird thoughts. Miracle drug. Don't abuse it. Use when needed its amazing.
969	10.0	I have been on SSRI's and benzos for probably 3 or 4 years. SSRI's for depression and on top of that benzos for anxiety and panic attacks. Was on ativan for 3 years and it eventually stopped working. Would take 2 0.5mg pills and it would not affect my anxiety at all. Psychiatrist switched me to xanax 0.5mg everyday as needed up to 3 pills a day. It actually works. It takes a few minutes and wipes away any panic attack and softens my anxiety. I am very careful though because I know it can be very addictive. I was clean off the ativan for months and had no withdrawls so I know I was not addicted to that. Have only been on the xanax a few months and I only take it AS NEEDED so not to get addicted.
970	10.0	The one medication that has helped so drastically with depression and anxiety but so addictive if other methods can be found I suggest going down another road
971	10.0	I suffer from severe depression and anxiety brought on by cancer and anti - hormone drugs. This drug helps me with the panic attacks and anxiety I tend to get almost daily.  When I take this medication my attacks are less severe.
972	10.0	"Until yesterday, I was prescribed .5 mg. Alprazolam(xanax) for panic, anxiety and irregular sleep patterns.  I took them for four years.
I went to my psychiatrist yesterday for my monthly suboxone appointment(6 yrs).  The same psychiatrist who prescribed my .5 mg.xanax.  
I am taking suboxone for chronic pain issues from a MVA.  I had been on prescription oxycontin 60 mg, 2x's/d for 11 yrs. and that doctor retired...no doctor would prescribe a full opiate agonist and that was 5yrs. ago.  
So I was told yesterday that he could no longer prescribed both xanax and suboxone due to state and federal guidelines.  This type of inappropriate prescribing is outrageous.
Has anyone else come up against this? 
I never abused either medications."
973	1.0	I was given an extremely low dosage of this, don't know if that was part of the problem but it didn't do anything for me good or bad.
974	10.0	I'm a 19 year old girl and I've been diagnosed with Anxiety for a long time but never had an anxiety attack until now. My doctor prescribed me this medicine yesterday after I told her I had an anxiety attack 1 day ago. My heart was literally at a speed of 100 but she gave me medicine to slow it down. It really helped me sleep last night too. This medicine took me about 30-45 minutes to kick in and then it knocked me out and I was fast asleep.
975	7.0	Yes, this drug works well regarding how fast my anxiety dissipated.  My 1st prescription &amp; experience with a drug in the benzo-class.  It worked quite a while. My Dr. began my dose 3, 2mg 'bars' a day I had no anxiety.  Instead, I felt an alcohol intoxication feeling. My body/brain built a tolerance.  I was taking 5 to 7, 2 mgs a day.  I functioned as well as anyone. Save for the constant anxiety, I felt great.  I decided to stop.  I never felt worse. My 5 yr anxiety trial was 10 fold.  I began have seizures, cramping, not sleeping, anything, clothing touching skin made my entire body spasm. It is best taken in a low dosage &amp; probably only when one feels an attack.  I now take a medication, a benzo-class, lower dose, take less &amp; in therapy. 
976	8.0	Xanax is like putting a band-aid over a wound that needs stitches. This med helped take the edge off my anxiety and am thankful for it. It will NOT treat GAD properly because you'll be dependent with too many doses, but is a godsend for panic disorders. I still struggle with anxiety (anger, headaches, worrying, crazy thoughts). It helped me be able to sleep, socialize, not have panic attacks at work, great sex drive and I feel calm. I was prescribed 0.5mg twice a day, usually took less otherwise I'd be sleeping all day, only could go about a day without it then I need it again for anxiety. The biggest downside is that it makes me REALLY tired, lazy, poor memory sometimes. When mixed with alcohol I get very angry. Will be looking into SSRIs.
977	7.0	Xanax is a medication that must be taken seriously and with precaution. This is not a game. Taking it when you don't need to will only create addiction and the withdrawal is worse than living with the actual anxiety. Please don't take this med unless you suffer from anxiety and you are having a panic attack. It works well in these situations but my advice is to stay away from it and only take it in an emergency. I prefer lorazepam. When you take lorazepam the withdrawal symptoms are more tolerable than xanax. Xanax is awesome but it can become Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde. You can die from this or get a DUI if you are caught in a driving accident. This is serious.
978	10.0	I was given this after trying several other meds. My doctor gave me 2 mg bars. The yellow ones (generic) aren't bad and the white one isn't either, but them green ones will wipe you out. They are at least 40% stronger despite being the same strength. The use to be very expensive, but are only $5.56 for a 60 pill supply with my insurance ( which is bootleg Obama care).
979	1.0	Worked well for a month then showed its real face. Ended up with memory loss, poor concentration, light headed and feel like a corpse with no life, rather wish life had ended.
980	10.0	The most efficacious and useful anxiolytic I have ever had. Fast acting and requiring three times a day (chronic) administration, but also, along with the recommended 4mg lorazepam IV when actually suffering an attack and a doc is present, by a long way the best acute remedy for anxiety and panic attack.
981	2.0	I have been taking Xanax 0.25 for less than four years to control anxiety mainly before sleep. It works really well until it does exactly opposite for its purpose, causing more anxiety and distress. I have been taking Xanax randomly only to relax me before sleep, say 3 times a month, 10 times a month and most of the time half of the 0.25. I noticed that overtime especially in the months I took it more often, the anxiety, the fast heart beats and confusion and strange muscle weakness were getting beyond tolerable. In few words, I would tell anyone there that NO ONE should even begin taking this very addictive Xanax. Better suffer through your difficulties than using Xanax to ease your anxiety and panic. The drug will take you to abyss.
982	10.0	Anything that can get me back on track while I deal with my very occasional anxiety issues.  Xanax helped me out a lot 4.5 years ago and I am in need of it again.
983	8.0	I was extremely against Xanax because of knowing people who abused it, and being someone who will try homeopathic cures before using prescriptions. That said, it really helps me. I have anxiety I would describe as anywhere from mild- severe depending on the day, and week. But sometimes I get in these intensely anxious thought patterns, where I cannot let go, its terrible.Taking medication during these periods is a god-send. It allows me to return back to my normal non-anxious self. I rarely have noticed sleepiness as an effect of the medication- only when I was already sleepy before taking it. If you don't abuse your dose, it shouldn't cause you to feel out of it or have memory loss, if you truly suffer from anxiety. That's my experience
984	10.0	I'm 21 years old and this medication gave me my life back. I have social anxiety, hypochondria, and occasional panic attacks. I'd immediately become stiff and uptight at all social events as well as at school. It got so bad that it affected my grades. After I take a Xanax, the anxiety simply vanishes and it's replenished with relaxation, tranquility, and stability. All the scary, racing thoughts stop and I begin to think more logically and calmly. I take 0.5 mg five times a day as needed. Xanax is also wonderful for muscle spasms.
985	10.0	"Any drug can get a bad wrap because of some people abusing it. A lot of doctors don't even like prescribing Xanax because they don't want their patients getting ""hooked"". For me, I suffer from occasional anxiety attacks, and my prescription is ""as needed"". Anxiety attacks can be VERY scary. There were a few times I literally thought I was gonna die, it was that bad. I even went to the ER once because I believed I was having a heart attack. They are different for different people. I use to smoke and drink a lot of coffee, so I think that's what screwed up my body chemistry. I don't drink caffeine or smoke anymore. All I know is that now that I have my Alprazolam (Xanax) in my pocket, I'm not as scared to go places. I can live my life again."
986	10.0	This medication is great for anxiety and panic attacks when used correctly. Make sure you don't abuse it or mix with any downers. It says it's used for short treatment but it can (if monitor correctly) be used for long term if your doctor, physician or psychiatrist thinks it right for you. I'm very thankful for this medication for it has work wonderfully on reducing anxiety and takes away my panic attacks. (This is my opinion)
987	10.0	"I have been through many many years of anxiety. Couldn't drive a car, couldn't sit through a church service, torment. This drug helps me focus and function. 
People abuse it but it's a Godsend for people with real issues. Not everyone is a drug addict that needs xanax. I am 50 and a female and my life's been limited since a trauma at childhood. I have post traumatic stress disorder and anxiety to severe limits."
988	7.0	Helps wth anxiety but makes me very sleepy, really can't take it if have a lot of work to do. I only take half a dose .
989	10.0	"Xanax has saved my life. I have GAD, panic disorder, OCD, PTSD and major depressive disorder. This medication has made life worth living for me. I have been in therapy with a therapist, life coach and psychiatrist for 3-4 years now. I can tell you if the drug makes you drowsy or hungover, it's not for you. Also, the therapeutic dosage should not exceed 3 mg per day, ideally around 1 mg per day. As long as you stay in therapy and see your psychiatrist regularly you will not become ""addicted"" or whatever else people feel about this drug. IT WORKS!"
990	1.0	"While I found this medication to be effective for anxiety, the concentration &amp; memory loss were terrible and almost cost me my job.  

I didn't really notice anything was wrong until I started my new job.  Training was a nightmare.  I couldn't focus long enough to learn anything new!
  
I was reading a short list of keywords and by the time I got to #3 I couldn't remember #1.  I couldn't pay attention long enough to read a book, or even a short article.  I couldn't remember people's names.  I had to write everything down.  I couldn't focus on anything anyone was telling me, I would just pretend like I understood.  

Luckily I noticed something was wrong and stopped taking it about 2 months ago.  My memory and ability to focus have improved."
991	7.0	My doctor prescribed 0.5 mg which I take half a tablet going to bed if that doesn't work I take the other half. Depends on how much sleep I need or how much anxiety I have. If I'm exhausted the medicine is great  I fall asleep and next thing I know I'm awake in the morning but it usually leaves a hangover which I hate. I try to deal with my anxiety holisticly but  sometimes that does not work. I think it all comes down to eating healthy and watching my sugar and carb and caffeine intake. Walking and doing stretches works for me but honestly  Having someone who really loves you and does not abuse you in anyway is the best answer but I don't think there's many people out there like that anymore.   Koliopin is a horrible dangerous drug.   All pharmaceuticals as far as I'm concerned are bad for us and then least we take it the better off we are.
992	2.0	Lost what I typed 3 times in a row!. Xanax is awful.  Completely blacked out, wasted all my fire wood cooking a terrible meal, ended up with food everywhere and half of it missing, and came to several hours later. The rest of these pills are in the bin. Worst drug experience of my life
993	8.0	Used to treat panic symptoms of anxiety. Quite effective for me with little side effects
994	10.0	I previously said I don't sleep well and it affects my ever vigilant dogs who get up too.  After surgical menopause when I was 33 years old, (now 62) hormones and sleep changed.  I finally was prescribed Xanax 1 to 2 mg at night for sleep.. Perfect.  No side effects, no abuse.  Dogs don't follow me at 2:00 am any more ,only when time to sleep. Thanks.
995	1.0	I was prescribed these for an onset of panic attacks that would spike my BP to 175 over 130. Taking these 0.5 mg pills did nothing but make me lose my short term memory. I still felt panicked and my BP would only drop slightly until I rode out the attack.
996	9.0	Great, fast acting med. Works extremely well but the short lasting nature keeps me from giving it a 10.
997	1.0	I was put in a mental hospital (Involuntarily) and was given alprazolam 2mg bar as a anxiety med. This med completely knocked me out. When I woke up I didn't have any idea what I had done before I took the pill and I didn't remember falling asleep. I think this medication can be really dangerous if not taken responsibly and I would not recommend this medication at all.
998	8.0	"All of the side effects listed for alprazolam, are completely ridiculous. It's sooo long, and most of the side effects must be from another medication. Most side effects from alprazolam are: tiredness, don't drive until your used to the medication
 They don't cause weight gain, or weight loss, don't cause any change in libido
  I can't even begin to explain why this website mentions every part of your body affected, including death.  Now, there is a few things you really shouldn't mix with alprazolam, like pain pills. Which is true. But simply you take this medication, it makes you calm right away. And it has a short half life, so it's out of your system in no time. The list of 100 or so side effects just don't happen, unless your allergic."
999	2.0	Please try a different benzo before this drug. It's a life ruiner. The effects are so strong and leave the body quickly it makes you crave more. Tolerance builds like crazy with this drug too. I suggest klonopin. It works great and lasts a lot longer. Withdrawal is horrible from Xanax. You can die from it. Also comes with severe memory loss while taking it.
1000	8.0	Only med that has ever really worked for me. I've tried every holistic approach to treat my anxiety, taking a .25 takes the edge off like nothing else. I'm afraid to take meds but taking xanax doesn't make me nervous. I only take it when my anxiety and panic come back, sometimes I have it under control for long periods of time. I read a lot of negative things about becoming addicted and the withdrawal effects but most of us who really suffer hate taking meds. We rather get better with no drugs. It helps me calm down so I can think clearly and get through the day or night. Wanted to post something positive for those who are afraid to take it.
1001	10.0	For my Sleep Anxiety Depression I have been on many different benzos there are different compounds in the benzo family the ones I've tried at least one in every compound the ones I've tried; Ativan, clonazepam, oxazepam, temazepam, Valium, triazolam, and even midazolam which is used in IV sedation all which have done nothing I have severe troubles staying asleep through the night. Even on first night of all listed above no improvement I woke up every hour to hour and a half. And people say midazolam puts them out not me. But I got Xanax and wow what a difference it's made so far instead of waking up every hr on the hr out of 8 hrs gone to waking up only 1-2 times. My Dr prescribed 1-2mg at bedtime Been on only .5mg for 3 days but wow
1002	9.0	Doctor had me on Xanax three times a day to try and stop my anxiety depression from furthering. While Xanax is wonderful for anxiety, be careful, the withdrawal can be nasty if you don't get off it properly. Needless to say I get timid taking it now cause of that. However, it helps in times of crisis.
1003	9.0	I've been taking xanax for anxiety and its s life saver!! Works really well; always carry a bottle in my purse. The only cons are that it can make me sleepy at times and it has an unpleasant aftertaste.
1004	10.0	I have been on xanax since my first attack in my mid to late 20's I'm now 59.  At first I was taking .5 mg 3x a day it worked wonders for many years, then my mother was dying of cancer my anxiety came back 10 fold also my child became a severe alcoholic and almost died. I now take 1mg 4x a day just to cope with the daily anxiety and it helps me to feel normal in a un normal world. Unfortunately  now my new med doc wants to start weaning me off, which has caused me more anxiety. I feel don't fix whats not broken. But I was told at my age it could cause me to start falling down or lose my balance and become forgetful, really please those things come with age anyway, I've never abused my meds, I'm not falling down or forgetting either.
1005	8.0	Took two 2mg.xanax this evening and a suboxone last night. No affects noted. Are there any precautions I should be aware of??? Thank you...
1006	10.0	Hello all, I'm 34 years old and have fibromyalgia and Anxiety.  I have taken all the anti-depressants out there and xanax is the only one that truly helped me.  I have been on xanax for the last 8 years of my life.  I am prescribed two 2 mgs a day.  I take it as needed, and often I split a 2 mg in half.  If I'm off work for a day, I will maybe take a quarter to half for the entire day.  Recently my regular doctor weaned me off of it, I thought I would be okay, instead I started having panic attacks every day.  They were so bad that even being around 1 or 2 friends, for a long period of time, I would almost lose my shit.  I had seven or eight 1 mg xanax left when I saw a psychiatrist, I told him what was happening and he wrote me a script instantly.
1007	9.0	"Taking for GAD. Highly recommend as long as you do NOT abuse it and ONLY take it as prescribed. Starts working in about 15 minutes. Only downside is wears off rather quickly for me, but maybe that's because I've been taking it for so long. You can quickly build up a tolerance, which is a downside. No negative side effects at all. I honestly cannot function without it. Be careful, though. I am not addicted to this medication, but I'm totally dependent on it. I guess I can't say that's a bad thing since it's doing what it's supposed to do, which is help calm panic attacks and keep my anxiety at a more tolerable level so I can function day-to-day. People like me who NEED it don't get a ""high"" from it."
1008	6.0	I live with PTSD, social anxiety, panic, depression (manic). I've had a rough life in the early years, and married young to a psycho. Then lost my first child. My life hasn't stopped taking as of today- I tend to hide away, in a literal sense. Locking all doors behind me. Recently the FDA marked Xanax a black label- (saying it's a killing drug with pain meds taken together) thanks to rich people and their drinking with meds, and those high profile dealers out there mixing fentenyl into simple drugs, and doctors prescribing 2mg Xanax pills several per day.., people like me get to be sick and be removed from 3 -1m tabs per day that were to help us be part of society- while we search for another medication to help us get there again.. 
1009	10.0	Thank you Xanax for the best sleep ever!
1010	9.0	"I suffer from emetophobia-related panic attacks and anxiety, and this drug is just a godsend. I try to reserve it until I really need it as I know that, based on my personality, I could pretty easily become dependent. If it wasn't for the issues with dependency and withdrawal it would be a ten out of ten for me.
I will note that after I stopped using it semi-regularly, I became better at dealing with anxiety ""on my own"" so to speak, and experienced less anxiety overall as I improved my coping skills. Still, I'm really grateful for this medication and encourage other miserably anxious people out there to discuss it with their doctors. It really improved my life when I thought nothing could."
1011	8.0	I suffer from complicated grief and PTSD, I lost my only child to severe mental illness almost six years ago. My anxiety is through the roof right now.  Psychiatrist prescribed Ativan but it does nothing really (.5 MG) compared to Alprazolam (generic for Xanax).  Even splitting a .5 MG pill helps me to stop frantic behaviors.  But this stuff is addictive, you have to be careful never to go over prescribed daily dose and I don't know how difficult it will be to stop this medication, if I ever decide to do that.
1012	5.0	"Im not sure if its doing anything. 

No side effects.

O.5 mg 2x daily."
1013	10.0	"I have suffered from anxiety &amp; panic attacks since Kindergarten! I ""self medicated"",w/alcohol  &amp; weed, until they became an ""issue"",to say the least! I hit rock bottom almost losing my family, my job,tried AA, Shrinks, until I had a full blown attack.I thought I was having a heart attack ,sweating,rapid heart beat ,etc .I also dreaded any social affairs,or changes in my life .I thought I was just missing a link,not ""normal"",whatever that is! I went to my Dr &amp; he prescribed .25mg, the lowest .But I was able to 'function"" ,go to weddings ,NOT drink ,since 1999. I'm now on the 2mg addicted? I am able to live w/o alcohol &amp; function, but do feel it ,if I don't take it.Trade off? Maybe,but it's better than being a ""captive"" of my fears. Just be you!:)"
1014	1.0	I haven't seen a xanax in the US from a US pharmacy with the name brand xanax scored on the pill in over 20 years. these had no taste. Real xanax have a very distinct taste. and it never melted in my mouth. xanax always melt in my mouth within a few minutes. I've seen videos on youtube of people pressing them. My advice is. Get a prescription from a doctor and get them from the pharmacy because that wasn't the first time I saw these.. The streets are flooded with these  bars.
1015	9.0	I am impressed, after 31 years on IR xanax and alprazalom 1mg. 3 times a day and all the highs and lows  about a year an a half ago I started to taper off. I would break a piece off of each one or sometimes split one in half. Seriously addicted and missing a dose would be brutal,I wanted off of these. It took a year to get to 1/2 mg 3 times a day and I felt the same but was leary of going lower. My Doctor prescibed me 1mg xr that I take at 9am and 1/2 mg ir to take as needed. Needless to say I was shocked that they last so long. I used to take my last dose at 1am and I don't even feel like I need it now. I don't want to wake in the middle of the night so I have for the past 3 nights I took 1/4mg and I think someday I'll be off completely.
1016	1.0	Very addictive neurotoxin. Stops working after a few months. Withdrawals include problems like psychosis, and dementia.
1017	4.0	I've been on quite a few different kinds of medications for anxiety and depression, but I've never had a reaction quite like I did with this one. Within hours of taking it for the first time, I began to feel nauseous, drowsy, uncoordinated, shaky; my vision was blurry and I couldn't drive a car. These symptoms persisted until I stopped the medication. I tried it once or twice after stopping the first time, and the horrible symptoms came right back. I couldn't even do my work. If you have any sensitivities to this medication I would not recommend it. I'm no doctor, but even I know when a pill isn't worth the risk.
1018	10.0	I have bipolar 1, GAD &amp; PTSD. I can't rage antidepressants (even on mood stabilizers) because of the bipolar disorder and buspirone proved useless for me. Xanax has really helped me keep my anxiety under control. I don't get the sedating effects that most people seem to. I've been on the same dose for over five years. When my mother passed away, I was also on ativan PRN for a short period of time and sometimes I wish I still had that, too. Not for everyday use, just for extremely triggering events.
1019	10.0	I took this drug for 27 years.  Worked like a charm.  Then, my doc cut me off.  Bad drug, etc.  I had withdrawal for one solid year.  I was all over the place.  I even found myself stopped in the middle of the highway for no reason.  I couldn't even work. The withdrawal is the worst part.  This miracle drug helped me but it is like someone kicking a herion addiction, Methadone needs to be taken for life.  My drug use didn't increase so that was not a problem.  I had the same usage everyday. Two .05 mg but the withdrawal kicked my ass. I would not tell anyone to take this long term.
1020	10.0	I hate medication. I avoid it because I'm always afraid of side effects. I started on a low dose of this medication and gradually had it increased. It has no side effects to speak of. I simply found relief from the panicking and constant fear. It just made me  feel normal again. Listen to your doctor and don't self medicate. Take only what is prescribed and I believe you will feel better. I do.
1021	2.0	Used only to sleep. After effects is nervousness
1022	10.0	I have severe social anxiety and have tried every other medicine out there and nothing has worked. Xanax so far has changed my life. I'm able to talk to people and look them in the eye and not feel stupid every where I went. I take .5mg 3 times a day. I'm just worried about the addiction part. I've heard it's pretty bad. But I rather be happy all the time than having panic attacks all the time.
1023	10.0	"For years, I didn't know I was suffering from Anxiety and Panic Attacks. My doctor told me what was happening to me &amp; prescribed Xanax. It helps me TREMENDOUSLY. I feel ""normal"" now. Been using it for 10 years."
1024	5.0	I have been on Xanax since 2007 when I was watching my mother slowly suffer. I started on 0.25 mg and eventually the dose was not enough. Now ordered 1 mg in morning and 2 mg at night. It works ,however I have cognitive impairment and all I want to do is sleep and my memory is pretty shot. I weaned myself down very ,very slowly and got down to 1 mg daily at night, but then some negative events happened and I was going into a panic attack. I know this medication works, but I would not take it unless it is a must.
1025	3.0	"Xanax does feel like a miracle drug, but then addictive drugs always do at 1st. All is fine, for someone with anxiety there definitely does seem to be some kind of euphoria, because you feel like you can properly have jokes, interact socially, be yourself again e.t.c. It's only a band-aid, I know it's not an ideal world where everyone can get the best therapies e.t.c. but in truth it doesn't work forever and many people (such as myself) end up with inter-dose withdrawals and 'psychological dependence', (""OMG I FORGOT TO PACK MY XANAX HOW WILL I COPE?""). Compared to the withdrawals I experienced (no seizures thank god), the anxiety that made me go to the doc in the 1st place was very minor. I would advise use for no more than a month."
1026	10.0	Let's be honest guys if you have anxiety you know too well it's the only thing that helps. I've tried several others medications for my anxiety but non of them worked so well as xanax. I've tried Paxil Amitriptyline Zyprexa Celexa Seroquel. All of them were a waste of time. The only problem with xanax is that it is addictive and becomes really easily habit forming because it WORKS!
1027	10.0	It helps my anxiety disorder and i broke my back and had 12 hours spinal surgeryso now im loaded in metal and now it even helps me with the pain
1028	10.0	I have been using Xanax for the last 7 months, I don't know how to thank my doctor for prescribing this medication to me. I suffered from being lonely and scared if I will die,  I panic for every little thing, now I take every night 0.5mg Xanax, is there anyone to let me know if you taking Xanax for a long time.
1029	9.0	"This med helped me to go back to a stressful job after burnout.I am so grateful to have had this to deal with stress++++.I was able to function well.but not get panicked or be exhausted by the stressful
Work in a hospital..5mg per day was so helpful."
1030	3.0	Okay, I took this med for 4 months for situational anxiety, no one tells you what it is like to come off this drug when you go on.  I  was unable to research this med, too ill. The LONGEST you are supposed to use this drug is 3 WEEKS, unless you have GAD or the similar.  NEVER STOP THIS DRUG COLD TURKEY, you will suffer from months to years.  PLEASE read about PAWS and alprazolam on any search engine.  Protracted Acute Withdrawal Syndrome.  People commit suicide due to the severity of the effects of this.  Even tapering off slowly will be the hardest thing you will ever have to do in your life, and at some point, you WILL have to come off of it. I never abused, never took extra, it was hell!!! 4+ months bedridden in agony from withdrawal!
1031	10.0	"Hi everyone!
I live in Australia...
I have just returned from my doctors today 19.10.16 to be told that xanax will no longer be avaiable.
Only for special circumstances,so please check with your doctor if you are reliant on this medication."
1032	8.0	This medicine undoubtedly will calm you down and help keep either chronic or acute anxiety at bay. Over time a tolerance builds; however, after several years, I have switched to 1mg tablets as needed from 2mg daily, and I still feel the relief. I, ironically, take Xanax to deal with the anxiety of caring for a close friend who his in addiction recovery from abuse of Xanax. This person never though it could and would happen to them; they were wealthy and responsible. Anyone can fall victim to addiction, through no fault of their own. The pain, withdrawal, abusing it to get 'high'. Just reminding everyone it can happen, to be safe, and that doctors are very hesitant to prescribe. When take correctly and as indicated, the relief is unparrelled
1033	7.0	I normally take xanax to get off to sleep, but here lately I have been taking it in the day time as well, because I get panicky through the day now as well. Wish this anxiety would just go away and stay away. Have an appointment with a psychologist but I really don't think it is psychological.
1034	10.0	I am 64 and earlier in my life i never had any gad/panic attacks. Not scared of anything! Then my first panic attack. I was on a freeway far from home and alone. Out of the blue..the clamminess, heart rate through the roof, shakes etc. I pulled off the freeway to a parking lot. I got out and my knees buckled. I was terrified. It finally subsided somewhat and i finished the trip on back highways.  . Now my trigger is driving even though all my life i loved driving anywhere..long distances alone..no problem until this. When i got home (barely) my dr. recommended .5 mg xanax as needed. A miracle drug for me! It makes me feel normal! I do not take every day
1035	10.0	"I was prescribed Xanax in 1993 when I started college at age 35. Have Panic Disorder, anxiety disorder and PTSD. Dosage has always been .5-1 mg daily. I'm completely a different person with it!! No more stuttering, no more panic attacks and running out if class to hide. 
I've never had to increase the dose since 1993. I could never gave gotten through 16 years of college without it!!"
1036	10.0	"After being tried on Klonopin, and Ativan, my doctor put my on 90 1mg xanax. 
I noticed that if I put it under my tongue, that it helps faster. 
I noticed it didn't only help anxiety. Myoclonous decreases while on anxiety, and my seizures have decreased a little. I normally don't get an aura before a seizure. If I do, I quickly chew it up and melt it under my tongue. Within minutes, I calm down, and the aura will slow down most time time. 
I do believe that this has aborted a seizure too. I can't stand to get out in public, my heart races, I feel this sense of panic, and then think, ""What if I have another seizure in public?"". Feel much calmer on this medication. 
It starts working within a few minutes, unlike Klonopin or Ativan."
1037	2.0	Hi all! I was given this medicine for my anxiety, I took it for 1.5 months only. I want to advise people who take this medicine to stay clear because when doctor made dosage smaller before stopping, I began to have weird sensations, my body started to sweat and I began seeing aurora around people and objects on road and was fainting for the next three months. ER say I had grand mal seizure and need a neck surgery, it didnt feel like seizures I just felt like I was dreaming. In the ER they gave me the same medicine to treat seizure so I dont know what is wrong?? Why is this medication given if its so dangerous, I never felt like this before and was very fit athletic girl in sweden.
1038	10.0	This is truly a cure all!  As long as it's taken the right way and responsibly I see no problem with that whatsoever.
1039	10.0	My doctor prescribed me Xanax after I got fired from my job for verbally assaulting a colleague. I also suffer from schizoaffective disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. Today, I felt like having a rage filled outburst at someone I do volunteer work with. I took a Xanax and within 30 minutes, I was happy and chatty and relaxed.
1040	8.0	I deal with an aniexty disorder. Where I fear anything that has anything to do with the Apocalypse or other things like bad things in the news or conspiracy theories. When I first tried Xanax. It blew my mind. Before it I wouldn't eat or sleep because I was so worried. Now I take it when I need to and it makes me focus on things at hand.
1041	10.0	In 2001, I started feeling like I was having a heart attack twice a month.  I ended up in the ER &amp; was admitted.  I happen to be one of the lucky females who suffers from hormonal anxiety.  I was given all the tests possible, stayed overnight &amp; discharged with my first script of the smallest dose of xanax.  I have used it only AS NEEDED since then and to this day it still helps me at the smallest dose once a day.   I have gone through some very serious rough patches in my life which had me taking this, at most, 1.5 pills maybe four days in a row.  It works so well that I can't ever imagine taking it more often than needed ~ why would you want to mess up something that works??  The key is taking it as prescribed, just like any medication.
1042	10.0	"best drug for what i got,
my attacks are worse in the
morning for some reason
yes idiots abuse it and makes
it hard for people that really need
it, the doctors are to scared to
prescribe it, what good are they then?"
1043	10.0	I urge anyone to start on the smallest dose as I was pleasantly surprised that a tiny nibble of 2mg worked amazingly quick and helped curtail a full blown attack.  I have taken a full 2 mg at once when panic attack was at worst. I simply fell asleep and awoke with same anxiety.  If I take the small dose as I feel the attack coming on, it just stops. I know everyone is different but I have always been within the mindset that the stronger the better with meds. That has not been the case with Zanax for me. I also keep in mind this is a med that your body will eventually need more of for equal benefit.  It's a miracle med for those who have unexplained fear. It has saved my marriage!
1044	10.0	I've been taking this medicine for 7 years. I only take the1mg pill when I'm having a panic attack. Sometimes more than other times. For me it is a God sent. That horrible tightness in your chest, and shortness in breath is unbearable. However I can see how someone could get hooked on this drug.
1045	10.0	Xanax saved me. Apprehensive about taking meds but broke down after it got so bad I didn't even want to take the covers off my head with my eyes clenched shut just fearing every day because I knew anxiety, fear of everything under the sun and panic attacks would rule my day. I was told I needed to be on long term anxiety drugs so I tried lexapro and ended up in the er with side effects so horrific I don't even want to think of it now. Xanax is basically a quick fix to calm the anxiety but it's the only thing I'm willing to take and over time I broke out of the nightmare I was living. I still have bouts of anxiety but as long as I have Xanax on hand I know I'll be ok. I never had any bad side effects except for being tired. Trade is worth it
1046	1.0	"Was prescribed xanax (alprazolam) for GAD. First few months were a godsend. After I became dependent on them, the doctor- apparently not understanding the slightest thing about dependence- upped the dosage several times. I noticed that my anxiety seemed to be getting worse and I was afraid to leave the house- a problem I had never had before. Took me a while to realize the elephant in the room- it was the ""anti-anxiety"" drugs! After withdrawing from the drugs- which fortunately was easy compared to the nightmare I have seen some people describe, I noticed I felt less anxious and in general, more ""alive"". If you feel like your anxiety isn't improving after long term benzo use- the root of your problem may be the drugs themselves!"
1047	8.0	"I have been on Lorazapam over 20yrs. 
HAD a cardiologist once tell me, heart A-OK.if get severe pain mimicing a male heart attack, take 1. Wait 5 min. Passes, it's anxiety. It worked! Not much other.  Need lower start.dose too high (hands/feet)VERY
Numb, shaking right."
1048	10.0	"My doc started me on alprazolam about a year ago for insomnia.-, but it was anxiety that kept me awake. 
I take one or two 0.5 pills and I am able to fall asleep more easily. I also take one pill during the day if I feel edgy. I recognize early onset symptoms because I had panic attacks (untreated) for over 40 yrs. I used alcohol for years until I realized the damage it did to my body. I used pain pills for awhile, stopped and then was prescribed alprazolam."
1049	10.0	I was given xanax in the hospital when people at work thought I was having a heart attack. My anxiety shot up so bad, my heart rate was 170. Been on 2 mg a day ever since (this happen 2 months ago). I only take 1 1/2 mg a day &amp; it works for me.  I feel like I have control of my life again.  I have heard stories &amp; seen people on it who over take it but if you take it as prescribed,  it works.
1050	10.0	I have taken Xanax for about 25 years but only as needed.  There are many years I never took any &amp; there are years I took it for a few weeks to help with my Anxiety, stress of having a child with a deadly disease &amp; the depression that ensues.  I usually take the .5mg &amp; cut it in half and only use it 1-2 times a day, occasionally 3 halves a day.  It soothes me &amp; helps my constantly chattering, negative mind take a break.  I have tried SSRIs &amp; have symptoms of being allergic to them, so can't take them, ie muscle twitching, rash &amp; itching.  So, Xanax is my only recourse.  I know it an be addictive so am very careful to take it only as needed, short courses, &amp; usually about half the amount the Dr. prescribes.  It has helped me greatly.
1051	10.0	I started taking Xanax .25 mg for generalized anxiety over the past few days and it has helped me feel relaxed, less worried and happy also hasn't affected me with any crazy side effects. (Which I was afraid of happening) I was so scared to take them but my anxiety was getting out of control so I figured I would give it a try and see how my body handles it. I'm going to continue taking one a day since it seems to be helping a lot. I don't worry and I feel calm, the pill does wear off after a few hrs and takes about 20-30 mins to kick in but my dr says it's safe to take another one as needed. I'm also doing counseling too and it is very helpful as well. Definitely recommend this for anxiety!
1052	9.0	I have social and generalized anxiety along with panic attacks. I am at a max dose of 2mg 3 times per day. This medication is a life saver in the terms of allowing me to not be afraid around myself, allowing me to go out and socialize with friends. The only downside is I will most likely be on this medication the rest of my life as it has proven to be extremely addictive both physically and psychologically. Your brain naturally creates GABA, which takes up to a year or longer to start creating on its own. This medicine also wipes out your short-term memory and tolerance is a huge problem along with creating more extreme panic attacks if a dose is missed. However, this medication is a life safer for me.15 years and counting.
1053	10.0	For several years I have been prescribed 1mg to take up to 3 times per day - sometimes I take less, some days even none! But I find that Xanax does for me what adderall does for children suffering add. For some reason the drug helps me have precision focus, a clear mind, better communication, rapid fire thought processing, and motivation - just for starters. I don't expect to take it for the rest of my life, but I go thro prolonged periods of anxiety and antisocial behavior (will urinate in bottles in my room when at my worst). Glad  to know there are a few people who Experience the same effects  using Xanax as Maintenance.  It's been a life saver for me! Curious to understand why it has this off label effect on us select few.
1054	10.0	For several years I have been prescribed 1mg to take up to 3 times per day - sometimes I take less, some days even none! But I find that Xanax does for me what adderall does for children suffering add. For some reason the drug helps me have precision focus, a clear mind, better communication, rapid fire thought processing, and motivation - just for starters. I don't expect to take it for the rest of my life, but I go thro prolonged periods of anxiety and antisocial behavior (will urinate in bottles in my room when at my worst). Glad  to know there are a few people who Experience the same effects  using Xanax as Maintenance.  It's been a life saver for me! Curious to understand why it has this off label effect on us select few.
1055	10.0	I have been suffering from panic attack since 2013 and was kept on Xanax .5mg TDS really its the drug which can enhance the Quality of life. Even though we have the xanax regularly but some times panics and anxiety comes, i though to cure anxiety off when met to psychiatrist he prescribed Zoloft 50mg once a day along woth clonazipam .25mg at bed time, having satarted that panics came with great intensity i left both Zoloft and Revotril and rejoin Xanax the problem solver... Thx Almighty who has put lots of benefits in Xanax...
1056	9.0	"I've been taking this medicine Alprazolam since November 2015 (0.5mg) as needed for my generalized anxiety disorder. I don't need to take it all the time just on those really bad days I need the help. In between those times I've used essential oils as well to keep my anxiety at bay while I'm working because I operate heavy machinery. But this medicine has helped me a lot. I personally don't find it habit forming. I like that fact this just takes the edge off and not make me feel like a zombie. I only take it when I'm home. 
Thanks for listening!"
1057	10.0	"Very helpful in reducing anxiety for me.  It is fast-acting, and it made a difference in me being able to keep up with my job.  Now, I'm on Klonopin though since the doctor said that it stays in the system longer for anxiety.  However, the fast relief of Xanax works very well when an immediate spike in anxiety happens.  The effects usually only last a few hours for me, and I can understand how it can be addictive for this reason, but it's been great for immediate panic symptoms and helpful with focusing.  I did not notice that ""drugged up,"" foggy feeling on a small dose of .5 mg-1 mg as needed."
1058	10.0	Xanax has really helped me with my anxiety and it's not habit forming to me. It helps me a lot!
1059	10.0	I am on a 1mg dose of xanax on and off for about a year for imsonia, night panics and generalized anxienty. And I can say this is the best pill. Worked great for me. It helps me feel calm allday and relaxed during the night so I can get the sleep I need. Gives me energy during the day when I drink green tea early morning.
1060	10.0	Man, there's nothing to say about xanax that hasn't been said. It does its job like nothing else. Works perfectly, but because of that, it's super addictive to people prone to anxiety and stress. Because it's the magic pill that makes it go away! That said, my experience with it has been mostly good, as I have never gone above 2mg and i try to keep myself at 1mg daily. This is a literal life saver for someone with severe anxiety.
1061	10.0	I was prescribed regular Xanax in the early 90's for anxiety and it changed my life - for the better.  I was more productive than ever, my relationships got back to where they should be, and I was finally sleeping well.   As time went on, my tolerance increased and I suffered significant peaks and valleys between doses throughout the day.  Xanax XR was complete game changer for me - a completely different medication.  I take it in the morning and feel great all day long and I sleep well.  I still take the regular Xanax on occasion if my anxiety flares.  The XR version is far better but much more expensive.  The $120/mo is nothing when it comes to quality of life.  .
1062	10.0	Ok, I've been diagnosed with Depression, Insomnia, insomnia induced night terrors, Agorphobia, and major anxiety disorder. I was first put on Klonopin, which took care of everything except my depression. My psychiatrist first put me on to try 4 different SSRI/SNRI's along with my Klonopin. Lexapro, Zoloft, Cymbalta, and Wellbutrin made my depression worse! So finally he put me on Xanax 1mg 3x daily along with my Klonopin 2mg 2x daily... and I finally feel normal again. Xanax is a great medication overall, 10/10!
1063	3.0	Tried this for a few days to help with anxiety instead of my usual Klonopin, at bedtime.  Do not just switch to another benzo without transitioning.  Had bad nightmares all night and was a wreak the following days.  Might be good for some people, and maybe more for daytime anxiety but definitely didn't help my sleep (even when taking a higher dose than I normally do of Klonopin).  On a side note, don't rely on benzos long-term (&gt; 1 month).  You will quickly dig yourself a hole as tolerance inevitably builds and your sleep and mental state will be worse than when you started.  Been on benzos for &gt; 2 years and I'm slowly reducing mine and it sucks pretty bad.  Get on something safer and non-tolerance building.  The sooner the better.
1064	10.0	Even though this is a monitored medication, when taken CORRECTLY it will make a world of difference. Before my dr.Rxd me Xanax I would not go to the store,pay bills,outside..even my mail was neglected BC I didn't wanna see ANYONE and I didn't wanna see or talk to them. After I was placed on Xanax,those fears went away.I think it's WONDERFUL for anxiety when used CORRECTLY!
1065	10.0	I've been taking low dose .5mg xanax for a few years for social anxiety and occasional panic attacks. It's excellent. I take it as needed, which I like, it lets me feel more in control. I rarely take a full dose. It's very effective even in a lower dose. It just lets me keep anxiety under control so I can function well. I never notice any major fogginess or anything with it either unlike other benzos I've taken like ativan. Just in moderation. A little goes a long way. Absolutely great medication for anxiety and occasional severe panic attacks. It has completely helped me build my confidence up and get my life back!
1066	10.0	I suffer from anxiety and mood swings much of it is work stress related, Xanax has worked wonders for me no habit I have not experience any side effects and I don't believe is habit forming, I only take it as needed, I always keep them with me just in case I suffer a panic attack, I greatly recommend it.
1067	10.0	I have been on Xanax 1mg TID since 2013. This has been a miracle drug for my anxiety. I also take Celexa 40mg daily in combination with Xanax. Within minutes of taking my prescription, I feel a tremendous amount of stress relief. I normally take 2 at bedtime and sleep straight through the night and never wake up groggy. I feel refreshed each morning, and get ready for work. 2 thumbs up for this medication. Those that abuse it, you give patients who truly suffer from anxiety and depression a bad name.
1068	8.0	after suffering of panic of having 2nd attack and any pain makes me feeling going to die my doctor made a 2nd stent after 8 months of the 1st stent and I was still panicing and scared my cardiologist prescribed xanax 0.5mg twice daily I am on it for about 17 days now it is helping me so much
1069	10.0	I received a prescription for this years ago and barely used it for the intended purpose (stress-induced stomach problems). That had been correctly diagnosed as something else. I kept the bottle in the cabinet for a long time without ever using it. I was always however someone who periodically dealt with clinical depression and anxiety which at this point in my life is situational. In these instances, this drug is an amazing relief. Whether it is public speaking or dealing with heavy grief, I take comfort in knowing this is available to me. The trouble is convincing my doctor as I have zero interest in a maintenance drug such as an SSRI. I have never had any intention of taking it every day. Usage: 1/2 mg as needed for extreme anxiety.
1070	9.0	I had only taken Xanax a few times as needed and losing it (oops). Sometimes it works right away with calming me down and everything, but this one time I was a mess and it took a while to work. But, on the bright side, I have very bad insomnia and it made me sleep better. I do not take it as a sleepy aid, that was just one instance where it was night time.
1071	10.0	I began taking xanax at 1mg daily spread out over the day when diagnosed with Breast Cancer.  I have had it 3 times now so have been on this medication for 6 years. It controls  my anxiety and panic or fearful thoughts mostly. It's been extremely  helpful and my doctor knows I keep my dosage as directed. Very beneficial for me but it took a long while to overcome the stigma. Life is to valuable to waste feeling bad.!!
1072	10.0	Still use a regular Xanax at times when things get bad but the XR is amazing for those times where I can't afford the drowsiness. XR is just a nice steady dose to take the edge off and no side effects.   Would recommend.
1073	9.0	I have GAD, PTSD, Adult ADD, Bi-polar &amp; crippling panic attacks aka Panic Disorder. I was diagnosed with panic disorder at the age of 7. It ruins my life. I took klonopin for 7 years threw middle and high school. It worked okay but I always felt like something else could work better. I have been on Prozac, cymbalta, latuda, visteril, lexapro, Effexor, amnitriptalyne, celexa, Paxil, lyrica, neurontin, depakote, seroquel and risperdal. Nothing EVER worked. I finally am on a routine of; 40mg Prozac, 25mg amnitriptalyne, 40mg adderall a day, .5mg klonopin 4X daily, .5mg of halcion for insomnia. My doc recently changed me to 1mg Xanax 3X daily and it has been a lifesaver. I don't feel like a zombie and my mood has evened out!! Love it so much.
1074	5.0	I started taking this medication since I was 18 years old on and off. Let me put it in simple terms it is highly addictive. Yes it cured my anxiety but temporary only as long as I was on it. Miss a day and you want to crwal out of your own skin. The withdrawls are horrendous. Xanax just masks the problem. As soon as I got back on it my brain just wants it and thats all I think about. Valarian root is healthier and natural think twice before taking Xanax. Go for natural products if you can.
1075	8.0	"I get anxiety attacks with nausea (GAD diagnosed) and use half a .25 tablet during an attack. I'm pretty drug sensitive and also leery of overuse. I'm way under recommended dosage of one full .25 tab every six hours, but it takes the edge off my rushing thoughts of worry at half of one every 12-16 hours as needed.

I was without anxiety attacks for 7 years and had a very old prescription that I used when my attacks returned. FDA has to list an expiration date but 80-90% of the drug was still active."
1076	10.0	I've been struggling with severe anxiety and depression since I was a child. I've tried everything for anxiety: lexapro, Celexa, Effexor XR, Prozac, and Xanax. It's been the only medication that has really saved my life from this illness. Otherwise, if I don't take it, I won't be able work or live. I know that there is so much stigma about how it's addicting and it's abused. If you genuinely have a serious anxiety disorder, don't focus on the stigma. Take them! Or try to live the severe anxiety. You sort of have to pick your poison. I have never abused xanax. I started taking Klonopin for about a year, and was switched to xanax. I've always taken my medicine as prescribed. Right now, I'm taking .25 mg and it does wonders for me.
1077	10.0	"I've been on benzos for the past 3 years.
I got started on Diazepam 5mg 3x daily for about 6 months. Worked good, but stopped working pretty quickly. Then got bumped up to Diazepam 10mg 3x daily, same results, 6 months later..felt like I was taking nothing. Then my doctor mentioned Alprazolam, he put me on 1mg 3x daily along with Wellbutrin. The Xanax worked GREAT, but I've always had bad reactions to SSRI's. So my doctor got me off the Wellbutrin and put me on Alprazolam 2mg 2x daily.. I've been on the same dose for over a year and a half..and has worked perfectly. Great medication. But it does have the potential for abuse/addiction. Be careful with that because Withdrawal from any benzo is horrific."
1078	9.0	Instead of the ups and downs of short-acting Ativan (1mg X 5 times a day).....Xanax XR seems to take the edge off so I can enjoy life without the hamster wheel and tooth clenching, etc....
1079	6.0	Way too addictive. Very expensive in my country, and gives me extreme vivid dreams/nightmares. But the mellow feeling is nice after a panic attack. Stops dead on track panic, and almost any emotional crisis. But I prefer to stay away. I changed to Klonopin.
1080	9.0	I have anxiety &amp; used Valium first to help anxiety as well as sleep Dr started me with 5mg 4x a day for 2 years. It helped but then I built up a tolerance and then 10mg 4 x a day was fine and worked but notice a tolerance again so then after 20 years changed me to alprazolam and wow big difference. I was prescribed 2 mg sticks 4 x a day 120 a month! At first only need 2 a day then shortly I'm on 4 pills 8mg a day and no side effects, powerful at first now almost fell like I need more. But wanted to cut down its been 30 years in benzo's and keep hearing about withdrawal from the drug? I go a week sometimes without the drug and don't feel any symptoms. Any suggestions
1081	8.0	I started out Valium for about 20 years 10 mg x 4 a day. Used for anxiety and sleep. It worked was a comfort to know most of the time used 2 per day so I always had extra. I think knowing I had extras help almost as much. Then Dr changed prescription to alprazolam 2 mg tablets 4 times a day, some heavy difference, at first it worked well . In the beginning I felt it 30 minutes after I took it and only needed 2 per day, now I'm at 4 per day that's 8 mgs and I don't feel it , I don't know about withdrawals but I hear it's pretty hard to get off and I've been on them for 30 years. Not sure what to expect but think I would feel more alert and energetic too
1082	9.0	I've just switched to Klonopin from being on Xanax for almost 11 years. It worked WONDERS for me. I never abused it and take it responsibly, but I did develop a tolerance to it after so long on it. One of the best things about Xanax is that it kicks in pretty quickly, which is a must for panic attacks. It's very hard for me to let Xanax go because it's the only thing that really worked for my anxiety and panic attacks.
1083	9.0	"I grew up very ""shy"", quiet and fearful into an adult who now chronically suffers from social/generalized anxiety, depression and OCD. As a teen into my late 20s, I was always prescribed some sort of anti-depressant, which felt like they were only doing half the job, but my anxiety and constant feeling of ""tightly wound"" was going untreated and becoming more severe. Now in my early 30s, a doc at the VA prescribed alprazolam at a daily dose up to 1-1.5mg to help with social anxiety. When I take this, I can only describe it as ""I feel like a normal person, this must be how everyone without social anxiety feels"". It ""takes the edge off"", but won't completely take the ""edge"" away, but it's a life changer in comparison to living without it."
1084	3.0	"Used for 6 weeks to treat muscle spasms and phobia. After asking my doctor to wean me off we followed a regimen, and it was the worst withdrawal I have ever experienced in my whole life, even worse than things that I've taken in the past.

I suffered temporal epileptic seizures for 3 days, and was staring at the door for an hour before my girlfriend smacked me to wake me up. 6 days later I suffered two consecutive grand mal seizures that broke my skull and nose.

I had never history of seizures, brain MRI   EEGs done last year came out clear and crystal, and this medicine lowered my threshold so much, 6 months after I stopped it I am not the same, I am not the same anymore. Please be careful and think ten times before you decide to drop it."
1085	10.0	My psychiatrist prescribes me 15 Xanax 0.5mg per month. I have generalized anxiety disorder and depression, and am on other meds for that; Xanax is only for extra-stressful situations. It is incredibly effective. Within minutes of taking it, I am much calmer. I notice no side effects whatsoever.
1086	2.0	Ok, Xanax was the very 1st Benzo I tried, my doctor Rx'd me 1mg 3x daily. It worked decently, but I was expecting a lot more. After talking to Doc about it, he switched me to Klonopin 1mg 3x daily. All I can say is, WOW! Klonopin is SO much more effective for me. It does take a couple of hours to kick in, but once it does.. I can't honestly say how much better Klonopin is than Xanax. Both are equivalent mg for mg. Klonopin has a MUCH longer half life. It just works overall way better than Xanax. I see so many positive reviews of Xanax, but I'm wondering if most of them have tried a different benzo?
1087	10.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder and several other mental illnesses, so I am on a combination of medications. Xanax is one of the best of the bunch. I only get fifteen 0.5mg pills per month, for use only in stressful situations. Works like a charm every time. Within fifteen minutes my anxiety and panic symptoms are well under control. No side effects whatsoever. I know the danger of addiction is very real, but as long as I use my Xanax sparingly, I see no reason to ever stop taking it. I also take Tenormin, Neurontin, Ambien, Buspar, and Remeron.
1088	10.0	Works great for me, cause I've been on every anxiety, panic disorder, depression medicine on the market.  Prestiq and wellbutrin which I am on now. Xanax saved my life so far for  panic attacks The $1.20 is for 90 2mg which for me is a 30 day supply, yes my anxiety is that bad. I tried to explain my story but something was acting up and stopped me when I got to the important part. I'll try explaining later
1089	1.0	This drug has destroyed my life! Taking it as prescribed for years has left me totally dependant and without hope. I've tried to taper off unsuccessfully many times. When on it at full strength I am despondent. There are blanks in my mind during which time people I love the most say I have behaved in ways that were contrary to my nature and core values. It seems as though I have permanent brain damage. My doctor says the safest way to attempt the protracted withdrawal process can only be attempted in a qualified facility which my Medicare will not cover. This drug ruined my chance at ever having a normal life. I have no friends, my only child abandoned me. No spouse. I hope I will manage to get off it.
1090	10.0	I have been on Xanax for about 30 years now. I have suffered with anxiety since I was a child and depression later in life. I started out only taking 0.5 mg a day, even going for periods of time without taking it at all, and then over the past 15 years I have graduated to only 1.5 mg a day. I feel no need for an increase. I suffer with all the usual anxiety symptoms, but one symptom that is most annoying is the choking sensation I feel in my throat. I believe I carry my stress and worries there. When I take Xanax, it takes this terrible feeling away. I find it extremely difficult to get a doctor to prescribe me this medicine as I moved to another state. The people who abuse this drug make it extremely difficult for those of us who need it.
1091	1.0	Hello everybody.  I'm only giving Xanax a 1 out of 10 because it doesn't seem to have any effect on me.  I've been getting it every month for a few years.  I started it back when, after taking Paxil for a decade, it started to decrease its effectiveness and my anxiety and panic attacks were beginning to re-appear.  My psych switched me to Effexor, and while we were figuring out the best dose in combination with Buspar, I was desperate to have a fast-acting solution to the panic when I felt it coming on.  He gave me Xanax, but it didn't help with the overwhelming anxiety unless I took a few of them, and even then the improvement was minimal to moderate.  When I found the magic dosage amount with the Effexor my anxiety all but disappeared..
1092	5.0	I started on Xanax after the birth of my second child for post partum anxiety. I used Ativan after my first baby but my new doctor wanted me to try Xanax. I thought it worked great at first. .25 my 4 x a day. Most days I only took 2 or 3. My baby developed colic issues and my husband was working 60 -70 hours a week so I had no help and was going crazy from no sleep and endless hours of non-stop crying so they upped my dose to .5 mg 3 x a day. Things calmed down around 3 months so I tried to cut back down but ended up with severe panic attacks and shaking, etc. Even when I take my regular dose on time I am still struggling with increased heart rate, shakiness, irritability, etc. Hoping to switch meds or something at my next appointment.
1093	10.0	I started taking Xanax over ten years ago for my anxiety. I started with .5 mg twice a day and ended up at .5 mg every 4 hours and still felling like I needed more as I was addicted. I had one heck of a time weaning off. I now take 1/2 of a .25 mg tablet every 3 to 4 hours when needed for my tinnitus. It works to lessen the anxiety caused by the constant ringing in my ears and I try some days to take it only once or twice. It has worked great for me but I suggest being very conservative with your dosing because it is very easy to build a tolerance and form an addiction.
1094	10.0	"I suffer from moderate, sometimes severe anxiety. General life stress, such as my job (bad bosses), my kids arguing over any &amp; everything, etc...
I've been on Xanax (alprozolam) for about 2 years on &amp; off. Recently I've started experiencing panic attacks with psychotic features (self-diagnosing here) and as soon as I take a .5mg Xanax tablet, I'm fine within 5-10 minutes. This little tablet has been a lifesaver for me."
1095	10.0	I take this whenever I'm out where there will be loads of people or crowding. It stops my anxiety attacks from becoming full blown. I feel relaxed and at ease, but when I take more than 2 pills in a day I start to feel drowsy and nauseous. But I rarely take more than 2, I love this medication, it works great for social anxiety.
1096	10.0	All started when I was about 18 years young. All typical symptoms - racing thoughts, palpitations, high blood pressure, dizzines, fear, choking feeling, chest tightness, fear of death and many other unbearable things which happens when anxiety becomes uncontrollable! Over the years I have had my good days and my bad days. Sometimes to a point where I don't want to live anymore, but then comes good days and to live is the thing I want the most. For those dark moments when close to panic xanax has really helped me! It gets me a bit calmer straight away, and then I can start breathing excercise and other little things which help to calm down. Without xanax I honestly wouldn't know what to do!
1097	7.0	"
xanax forums are full of how xanax can  be so strong for some people. to me it was like a sledgehammer over my head. I woke 6 hours later with no recollection of what went on other than I slept. this was a low dose. It is either panic or been knocked out. Where are all these pleasant experiences I hear about?"
1098	7.0	I've been suffering from General Anxiety Disorder for over 30 years.  I was on Lexapro which was controlling my anxiety wonderfully.  I was laid of from my job after 28 years working there.  I then found a new job but because it was change and new I had a massive panic/anxiety attack and quit the job after 3 days.  My psychiatrist then prescribed Xanax along with the Lexapro.  I was taking 40 mg of Lexapro and .75mg of Xanax daily, the combination has worked for the last 6 years.  However now I have another new job and had another massive panic/anxiety attack.  The combination of Lexapro and Xanax is no longer working.  I am now trying 20mg of Brintellix and 3mg of Chlonopin.  I'm hoping this works in order to keep my job.
1099	8.0	I've always suffer with anxiety, but I've been able to control it. I've been out of work for 3 weeks, with a phobia of going back, because I had a panic attack, &amp; I was exposed, and people were watching. My secret was out. Rewind - 3 weeks ago I had a kidney infection, I was in the hospital for 5 days, home for 5 days, then went directly back to a stressful job. That's where it happened the attack.. people were surrounding me and causing me more stress, I was put back in the hospital. I'm now on buspar, and xanax. Buspar I have my negative thoughts on that, not sure it's helping or not dizzy spells. But the Xanax does help with the anxiety. It makes me super sleepy and groggy. I'm seeing a therapist and psychiatrist, pray 4 me
1100	1.0	"Xanax simply stops to work when taken too long on a daily basis. At that point, one reaches ""tolerance,"" and the medication is simply no longer effective at that dose. Many psychiatrists tend to keep prescribing Xanax and other benzodiazepines at this point (strong, addictive tranquilizers that lead to dementia and Alzheimer's) as maintenance meds. It is then up to you to realize how bad they are and wean yourself off them, going through years and years of dangerous withdrawal. The best solution is don't even start! XANAX: NOT EVEN ONE!"
1101	10.0	I am giving it 10, because it simply works, and it's the best med out there for anxiety. Bad thing is.. it's very addictive . I have been taking it for almost a year now, on and off, 0.5 if I feel very anxious before going to bed. Yes withdrawals can be bad, but don't listen to all the bad things people say when going off, if you need it you take it.. My mother has been on this med for 10 years as prescribed. If you don't abuse it. You have no reason to be scared. Cheers A!
1102	4.0	Thankfully I only took this med for a few weeks and at the lowest dose possible. I was taking .25 mg 2-3 times a day for a few weeks until my long term anxiety medication started to kick in. This medication truly does help for extreme anxiety and panic attacks but should only be used short-term. The use of this medication for any longer than a month on a daily basis is a recipe for disaster, this drug can be very addicting and is really hard to come off after long-time use. Luckily I researched this drug and knew this shortly after taking it so I was aware, because the doctors never informed me of the risks.
1103	10.0	I've been taking Xanax as needed since I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder,  social anxiety, panic disorder, and a mild case of PTSD. I take .25 mgs, but I usually have to take 2 or 3 when I'm having an episode of high anxiety and/or panic. My doctor won't up the dosage. It works very well for what it is intended for. It has always been helpful for me to take before doing something that I know will trigger anxiety in me. Since I don't use it as a drug to take daily, I have to also take Sertraline (Zoloft) every night. The sertraline helps keep me balanced while I use the alprazolam when something triggering is happening or going to happen. For what I need it for, it works great. Calms me down within 30 minutes.
1104	10.0	I was having difficulty coping after the death of my husband. Xanax helped me to put everything into perspective which allowed me to face enormous challenges.  I rarely ever felt slow from the low dosage, only calm.
1105	1.0	Its been 3 months now off Xanax ( was taking up to 4 mg a day for 2 years after brother killed himself) and I'm just now starting to feel like myself again.  Coming off the xanax was the hardest thing I've ever done.  I had to force myself to work and keep my job. I had good days and bad days (more bad than good). My symptoms were crazy. No sleep, headaches, shakes, twitching, pain everywhere, memory problems. If I knew how hard it is to come off benzo's, I never would have touched it. Short term use= ok. Stressful event=ok. If this helps one person, then yay. Please be careful! Don't end up detoxing off of a benzo and going thru hell for weeks or months. Research this med. Not fun!
1106	9.0	I had Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and Xanax is the only drug I've found that works to alleviate the symptoms. I take .25mg no more than twice a week and within 20 minutes I feel calm and relaxed. Combine it with yoga and meditation and all your worries are gone. I like to take a .25mg pill and immediately do some yoga and meditate for 20 minutes. By the time you're done meditating you'll feel great for a couple hours. It helps just knowing the pill is there if I want it. I actually find that I take it much less than twice a week, only 1 or 2 times a month if that. I have no other side effects that I notice.
1107	7.0	It work's. Very well for me
1108	10.0	I've been on and off Xanax for years! I've only always took 1/2 of 0.25mg to take the edge off when I felt my anxiety coming on and if I knew I was going to do something out of my comfort zone! It has helped me tremendously. I concentrate better and it actually helps my stuttering. I'm a firefighter/paramedic and I'm constantly dealing with stressful situations! I love my job and never could have done it without Xanax. I hate that it gets a bad wrap because people abuse it! I have never even come close to abusing it and use it for what it's for! Throughout the years I've tried all other anti anxiety medications and Xanax is the only one that helped me! It's almost like I have a chemical imbalance and Xanax corrects it!
1109	9.0	I have suffered for anxiety for.most of my life. Starting as early as 10 years old. As I got older it only got worse. I'm naturaly the quiet type that isn't very sociable inept. After higschool I started suffering deep depression. Tried self medicating with weed and other things only to find it worse. Xanax is the only thing that can help with my anxiety and depression all I need is 1 and I feel like I am in control. I take trazodone nightly and xanax as needed and I can honestly say I love my life.
1110	10.0	"This pill works miracles for me.

It is completely effective against all of my anxiety. It also makes me feel less OCD. I no longer obsess over thoughts or worry while I am on this. Xanax unleashes my creativity. I play guitar, write music and draw a lot. I used to do all these things but have thought I lost interest because I had no inspiration.

I have no side effects except some memory loss and tiredness.

I wish my doctor would up my prescription, I am on 2 mg a day and for the past nine months I have always finished my prescription in 1 - 2 weeks. But this does well for keeping tolerance low and avoiding addiction and dependence. I am on it for 2 weeks and then off until my refill."
1111	10.0	I have panic attacks and anxiety bad and have had for about 10 years give or take. I endured sexual abuse as a child, and still have night terrors of that, I have went through a very bad divorce that has continued for 15 years now. I got divorced in november 22,2002 and I am still battling it. I also have depression and PTSD. I have been on a lot of different medications. Tried a lot that didn't work or the side effects was unbearable. I was finally put on alprazolam and prozac. It has been a life changer. I feel like I have control over these problems now instead of them controlling me,
1112	10.0	Xanax has given me my life back. I suffer from severe anxiety a few times a year, for no reason. I've been given other Benzos that leave me feeling like a zombie. I can take a tiny amount (and I'm talking 1/2 0.25) of Xanax and it calms me down enough to enjoy life.
1113	8.0	I like to think of this as headache medicine. Take only when you have one. This medicine should be used in emergencies only. It is not for taking everyday. For that I recommend something that has a longer shelf-life-that takes longer to break down, like Klonopin. Because of Xanax short wait time and short shelf-life, it can make you feel like an addict. If you forget a dose, in less than 4 hrs you can experience WORSE symptoms of anxiety because they come without warning or provocation. Instant panic attacks, inability to think or work, etc. However, as a panic attack reducer or for the instant release of an intense anxiety-related event, I do highly recommend it.
1114	10.0	Do not use if you have acute anxiety. I've had lifelong daily anxiety and depression that has never gone away. I ended up dropping out of school because I couldn't sit still without having a full blown panic attack shaking. My head spins all day and my anxiety causes me migraines. I've tried yoga meditation and all natural remedies. I've come to terms with the fact it is genetic. I didn't know xanax existed. I've tried all antidepressants and they messed me up pretty bad. But I do have a very high tolerance to this medicine. I hate that its addicting because its the only thing that makes me feel normal and able to live my life happy.
1115	10.0	"I had anxiety that would tighten my muscles so tensely, especially in my jaw, my neck, my throat and between my shoulders. My doctor prescribed me a small dose as needed. I wish I'd known that this is what I needed. I felt such relief, my thoughts and muscles relaxed and the next day I felt like a million bucks. 
I'm aware that there are some addictive problems for some people, happily after that one night of relaxation its like I was freed from a tormenting chamber and I didn't feel need for more. I have it on hand and have used it a couple times, but have felt nothing of the intense pain I'd known before. I can think more clearly just from those few nights/days of relief in the three months I've had it."
1116	10.0	Amaxing, helped so much, finally something that helped me
1117	10.0	This drug literally saved my life. Before I started taking it, there was no quality of life left. I would get so nervous around people I couldn't go out into public at all, had severe panic attacks all of the time... I've dealt with this my entire life, and it took me 17 years being put on every anti depressant/mood stabilizer/even anti psych meds except anti anxiety meds (because doctors are too afraid to prescribe them...we have a lot of junkies here) I finally found a doctor who understands me. I take 1mg xanax 3 times a day and 1,200 mg of lithium a day. This medication has changed my life. I no longer struggle with my life, I feel like for the first time I have total control and it feels great.
1118	8.0	Xanax is a great medicine that has been under a lot of flack recently because of irresponsible individuals who give it a bad name. I have been taking it for over two years now in an on/off fashion and sometimes for a few months at a time; however, I always take a few days every week to flush it out. My anxiety issues stem from a traumatic childhood making me miss out on a lot of GREAT opportunities throughout life, opportunities that Xanax is helping me take advantage of today. I am a very active male, I run and lift regularly and what I noticed about Xanax from the get go is that I had an extremely high tolerance to it.  I take 1.5mg of Xanax and .1mg of Clonidine due to this fact - WARNING -clonidine has bad side effects when stopped cold
1119	10.0	Due to a neck injury and cervical spine fusion I have restless nights sleep. I wake often. I have take the meds for 3 nights and it has allowed me to have a full 6 hours of sleep without waking. I feel so much better in the morning have sleep, I feel less overall body pain and am able to get more done in the day. I am a little drowsy for a little while when I wake up but it goes away. Getting more sleep is very beneficial in many ways.
1120	5.0	Xanax is amazing! In 20 minutes it will completely take away all of your anxiety and/ or problems and everything will be ok. Life goes on! The only problem is that Xanax has such a short half life, that in 6 hours it goes away, and your brain wants more. If you take it daily watch out!  That little pill can ruin your life.  In prison they will only give med's to people detoxing from alcohol or benzo's.  Bc it can kill you! Short term, stressful event like flying or giving a speech or a panic attack- will do you good.  Try not taking your Xanax for a few days and see how you feel?  Or run out of your prescription a few days early. Let me say..its not fun.  Please be responsible and try meditation or working out.  Stay away from alcohol/stims
1121	10.0	Well I suffer frm anxiety and I took this medicine a few mins ago and I must say it Worked really fast I was alil more anxious wen it started kickin in but my mom told me I had to relax and I did and I feel so good it worked better than my clonazepam pill tht I use to take...my mom was the one tht actually gave me one of her Xanax(alprazolam) substitute becuz she saw tht I cldnt function and ofcourse wat mother likes seeing her child like tht so she told me to try this medicine and it worked like a charm I been feeling like shit for the past week and thnc to a mothers concern this 0.5mg dosage helped me feel relaxed and anxiety free so mite ask my doctor to prescribe these i did sweat for like 5 mins but I feel so at ease and anxiety free:)
1122	10.0	In general I  am anxious and overthink things to the point of having racing thoughts, sweating and in social situations these symptoms are exacerbated and my mind would go blank. I always thought this is just how I am and it sucks. Until one day it all came together and I put a name to it. Social anxiety. I was always afraid of pills and all the addiction stories u hear but after a panic attack I thought it's time. I started a low dose and only take it when I really really need it, about 2/3 times a week. Omg how it's changed my life! If u don't abuse it like some people it does its job! Sometimes I'll go a whole week without it and sometimes I'll use it 4 days. It varies. But it helps me feel way less nervous and focus and really changed my life!
1123	5.0	I was prescribed this med because I lost my dad very suddenly recently and suffered my first full blown panic / anxiety attack . The attack itself was the usual numbness and tingling sensation . Hard time breathing and impending doom thoughts . I was told to take on a as needed basis so that's what I did . I started to have the strangest things happening to my body , flu like symptoms with hot and cold flashes and pain ALL OVER! My usually high blood pressure kept falling and I was dizzy and lightheaded . My doctor attributes it to anxiety and directed me to take more ! So we upped my dose and OMG the pain was worse !! Now I know I might just be sensitive to this drug but my friend had the exact same experience with it . So beware !
1124	10.0	"I have severe anxiety and at times, I can't even hold still. I completely avoid going out due to the severity of it. 
Tried 1mg of xanax under the tongue, and within ten minutes, I could feel the anxiety getting better. Zero negative side effects."
1125	10.0	"I have had PTSD and anxiety disorder for about 15 years.  I felt like I was  falling off of a building and at night time I would have bad nightmares from past things.
This is the only things that I can take that relieves it without making me tired in the day time.  I haven't had to raise my dose in the last 6 years I have taken it.  Actually I take the generic form alprazolam."
1126	1.0	Hello everyone out there reading this.  I started taking xanax for anxiety( a 2mg bar at night for sleep to turn my brain off at night). Worked my way up to 2 2mg bars a night for sleep/anxiety.  BRAIN FOG set in. MEMORY LOSS like I was going crazy.  BE CAREFUL this med (and all benzo's)  are for short term use ONLY!!!.  Tried to taper myself off and couldn't.  I went to a detox facility (Hospital) and detoxed properly. Was a horrible experience.  I was stuck in a hospital with heroine/alcoholics for a week. If your reading this BE CAREFUL. This med is for short term use.
1127	10.0	Completely obliterated my train of thought. I couldn't walk a straight line if my life depended on it. Don't have valuables on you while operating under the influence. You will not have them in the morning. I promise. And don't drive !
1128	10.0	"I've been on this for 15 years. Started out on .25mg daily, now I'm at 1mg 4x daily. 
This truly does help tremendously, especially when,having a panic attack.
Just please know that if you try and stop it, please see a Dr! You get really sick, I have never felt that bad in my life...I felt like I was dying. You need to properly tapered off. 
This medicine is great but also has serious mental and physical side effects, especially when used for long time periods."
1129	10.0	I live in the UK where it is virtually impossible to get Xanax (or any benzodiazepine) so I am very lucky to have found a good doctor to prescribe it. I am 25 years old and the last 14 years of my life were a living hell. I have BPD and a very severe anxiety disorder that left me having multiple daily panic attacks, breakdowns and even suicide attempts. Every doctor told me in the UK we get talking therapy and an SSRI for anxiety, but never benzo's. So I suffered on for years and years until 4 months ago I found a Dr who prescribed me Xanax (Alprazolam) 0.5mg 3 times a day (1mg if needed) and it is a miracle drug to me. For the first time in my life, I live without the constant, crippling anxiety. I HIGHLY recommend this med.
1130	10.0	"I have been using this med on and off for years for insomnia.
I use .5 mg dose.  It is very effective for me to get to sleep. And, even if you wake up in the night you can fall right back to sleep.
Plus if you dream, you may have only positive dreams - no bad situation dreams. At least that is my experience. Other over-the-counter sleep aids give me that hang over feeling in the morning.
Not Alprazolam (Xanax). Used occasionally, it is a good choice."
1131	10.0	I'm a 22 yr old female who has been on countless medications for my aniexty/depression combo. After my mother told me alprazol was the only medication that helps her I decided to get a perscription as well. I work two very different, stressful jobs. I have blacked out before at one of these places after a severe anixety attack. Now before I go into work, I take half a pill  (.50mg) and it really helps me get a grip on my anxiety before it gets out of hand. Halfway through my workday, I'll take the second half of the pill if I'm struggling. It has also definitely helped me with my awful irritability.
1132	10.0	Truly a miracle pill! Starting have severe anxiety attacks out of nowhere (heart palpation, numbness in arms and legs, dizzy, tremors) and with 15 to 20 mins I feel normal again! I would advise to only take when desperately need to because I can see how they can become addictive! I take .5mg but will start to cut that in half a lower dosage is always better if it works. I have only been taking for one week, so far so good, and no side effects to report.
1133	10.0	I have been on every medication out there to help with my anxiety,/depression.  I was taking effexor which worked at first but I noticed that my head was just filled with unnecessary garbage to say the least.  My Dr took me off of the effexor and replaced it with brintellix and saphris which really helped my moods and depression.  But my anxiety was still affecting me to the point I thought I was having a stroke.  He prescribed my 1 mg of Xanax 3 times a day and wow!  The difference is night and day!  I am actually able to function normally and am so relieved.  I'm still scared to be taking it because of the addiction that can come with it,  but with my Dr's guidance I am feeling better about this medication.  My anxiety has subsided! Grateful!
1134	2.0	I started this medication after developing a moderate/serve anxiety disorder after my grandfather passed unexpectedly, I was started on .25mg to to take twice a day and it had absolutely NO effect on me. If anything it made me anxiety symptoms worse and my breathing more shallow &amp; panicked. The only thing the medication was good for was to help me sleep. Other than that it did not clear any anxious thoughts or take any of the edge off my anxiety. I would not recommend it for constant anxiety/anxious thoughts. I've heard it's only good for killing quick burst panic attacks. Has no affect on long term anxious thoughts.
1135	10.0	"I was originally just on the regular XANAX for year's and at first it helped and then it wore off and wasn't affective. My Doctor searched and searched for another medication that would be very effective especially because  I have ""LUPUS"" and have been having severe anxiety and depression I really had to be on something before I stressed my ""Lupus"" to flair up! So XANAX XR was recommended , and OMG this XR is so amazing and very effective.  I absolutely love it! It helped with anxiety, depression and sleep! I t works wonders and I totally recommend it to anyone."
1136	8.0	Xanax may have saved my life. In the early nineties I was a young man pursuing my ambitions career, cars and women. Whatever I have done / experienced led me to be violent in my reaction to assholes. Also mom raised me as she went through menopause and was volatile. I was dangerously aggressive in my early 30's. xnx worked with no side affects noticed, sleepiness at first, that's all.I sought xnx because it made me feel like I should, calm, thus able to focus. Did well all these years. I got laid off, Doc retired and I can't find a local doc to prescribe.  The system took it away, Clandestine alternatives are expensive, risking life, limb and employment,  Docs are ignorant sometimes.
1137	10.0	"In 2007 I started having what I now know panic attacks, but didn't know it at the time my doctor sent my blood in for testing, trying to figure out why I'm having to pull over when driving cuz I think I'm going to pass out due to hyperventilation. First I thought I was having low blood sugar but a few weeks later at my follow up appt. My doctor said "" you're having major panic attacks I believe."".. I tried every anxiety medication there is trying to feel better.Then my Dr. Gave me 1mg alpazolam every 6 hours as needed. I still take xanex and 20mg of lexapro to this day.  Just having a xanex bar in my pocket helps prevent attacks, today I get 45 2mg bars  and I make sure I try to take no xanex a few times a week so I don't become dependent"
1138	9.0	"Alprazolam offers a ""cleaner"" anxiolytic effect for me compared to Ativan. The ""waviness"" in lorazepam isn't present in Xanax, though at the 0.75mg dosage level and above I do get a bit of confusion sometimes. 0.5mg works well in a subtle way, though it can be tempting to want to bring up the dose a bit - I had a panic attack while on the medicine at 0.5mg and I couldn't get rid of it until I had taken 1.5mg - and I fell asleep. All in all, Xanax works for anxiety."
1139	8.0	Recently was prescribed Klonopin because my doctor didn't like how Xanax had such a quick onset but also quick fall.  I was okay with the change initially because even at 0.5mg, Xanax would make me so sleepy I couldn't function.  That made it pretty impossible to take during any day panic.  I've been have anxiety the last couple days, so I took a Klonopin last night hoping that I would wake with a sense of calm like I usually did with the Xanax.  Nope...the anxiety is actually worse.  Xanax isn't perfect; like I said, I generally try not to take it unless I am at home, so I've suffered a lot when I shouldn't have had to, but it has a much more calming affect than Klonopin is giving me.  I never took it long-term - only as needed.
1140	9.0	I only take as needed, and it usually works awesome. Even knowing i have it as backup reduces my anxiety. It works best if taken before a stressful event but having a TBI makes remembering difficult. It also works better for me since i don't have to take daily on a schedule like other anxiety medications
1141	5.0	Really does help with anxiety/panic attacks, but has nasty withdrawals. I was prescribed .5mg 3x a day, and whenever I moved, my new doctor stopped prescribing me them, pretty much forcing me to quit cold turkey. Worst month of my life, and it only exacerbated my anxiety in the end.
1142	10.0	Xanax helped me major status! When I was 22 years old tried spice its a messed up chemical synthetic THC bull.. anyways I smoked three bowls and then boom I couldn't breath my hands and muscles tightened up and I couldn't move. And my chest felt like I had 500 pounds on it! I thought I was dying and my whole body was tingly! Went to the hospital and they diagnose with GAD and panic disorder. For three months I did not leave my house and I thought I was dying 50% of the time. So my doctor put me on Ativan for a month I stopped taking it in 5 days. I felt like I was going insane. So I was given. Xanax for a month. The first time taking it BOOM it all stopped I was a normal person it helped me get over all my panic attacks! 0.5Mg as needed!
1143	8.0	I love you xanax Ihate you xanax
1144	9.0	I've taken this medication for about 5 years now, I was originally prescribed by my doctor after I had my son for moderate anxiety &amp; to prevent possible panic attacks. I also take Wellbutrin for depression but that medication does not calm me down like the Xanax does. I have taken less of a dosage in the past but recently it's been a little bit more because of getting divorced &amp; a close family member unexpectedly passing away so I've felt better on more &amp; a lot less anxiety taking just that one more dosage or so per day. I know it is a difficult medication to stop but believe that it is better to lower dosage over time rather than completely stop taking it.
1145	7.0	This is a qualified positive review for Xanax.  I was suffering from mild depression and anxiety last winter and my doctor put me on Wellbutrin.   That stuff takes 4-8 weeks to work and in the interim it can really up your anxiety level.  A week later I started 1mg Xanax 1-2X/day and it took care of the anxiety immediately.  I continued using Xanax for more restful sleep but after about 3 months I realized that short and long term memory was WAY down.   Stopped Xanax and replaced with GABA and this seems to be a far better solution.   The Wellbutrin worked great, felt more energy the first week but did take 6-8 weeks to fully kick in.  I will now ONLY take the Xanax for rare, severe stress.  Also check the  connection to Alzheimers.
1146	10.0	Xanax made me a normal person again. I had bouts of anxiety seemingly my entire life, but it didn't become debilitating until I reached my 20s and became overwhelmed with everything on my plate and I lost sight of who I was. I couldn't focus on anything because I was too worried about school and work and my health issues. It became too much, and I dropped out of school with a 4.0! Anxiety stole my life away, but Xanax gave me the strength to gain it back. I'm finally about to graduate, have a wonderful job, and just recently got engaged! I am a normal person, and I thank anxiety for calming my brain and enabling me to live a beautiful, productive life. I highly recommend it if you genuinely suffer from debilitating anxiety.
1147	10.0	I was very young and I would get a feeling of not being able to breathe so I would lay down breathe slowly and that was not helping me anymore so I was put on Xanax I didn't even have to take all that was perscribed that is how well it helped
1148	9.0	Takes away anxiety and panic attacks very well.
1149	10.0	I have been taking this medication for about 5 years on and off since my husband passed away suddenly.  It works very well for me no side effects I take it as needed only.  It's prescribed 0.25 2 x a day as needed.  I take half of that whenever I get anxious and feel my heart racing it stops it right away if I find myself anxious at night I take the other half.  I go days without it as well.  The trick is not to use it all the time.  Just knowing I have it helps me relax in case I should need it.  All meds are addicting if taken all the time.
1150	9.0	I take this as needed for anxious situations: i.e. the dentist (I would flee from the office crying if not for the Xanax), being around large crowds of people, etc.   It certainly takes off the edge that accompanies anxiety and helps me to be in situations that I normally couldn't.  It seems to take 45 mins to an hour to kick in so I am proactive in taking it to be prepared.  It's been a great help to get me to certain places and be able live life.
1151	9.0	I have had anxiety since I was a child, from my personal experiences this medicine is the fastest and effective but BE VERY CAREFUL also the most depending.  I ran my prescription short one month and was without for a couple of days and had a seizure while driving. Just because the doctor says three or four times a day doesn't mean you need them that much, BE VERY CAREFUL!
1152	8.0	I started having anxiety attacks a few months ago due to marijuana use. Bad life choice I regret but due to my natural anxiety marijuana made it 10x worse. I started having anxiety attacks sometimes up to 6x a day for a few weeks. I had a visit to my doctor scheduled anyway and was honest and told him about my situation. He prescribed me xanax to use as a short term medication for my anxiety attacks as he said weed can cause horrible anxiety for a month in some ppl. I took it as prescribed which was every six hours as needed. I started with about .25mg a day but took .5 a few times when it was real bad. 2 weeks later I began splitting the pills in half to .12. Am completely off it now but made a huge difference in my life for that time.
1153	10.0	Only side effect is that it works really fast so if you take too much you will feel tired. Find the right dose and this medicine will treat your anxiety and depression symptoms for a couple hours. It just works really well and fast. Another problem is tolerance if one takes it regularly, one will need to increase the dose and side effects increase. The less you take it, the better it works.
1154	10.0	I wasI was on many medications it didn't work until my doctor prescribe xanax to milligrams 4 times a day what a godsend. I found the other medications like klonopin didn't work as effectively. I couldn't go to work without having a panic attack or in a situation with the family. people don't understand life can be tough go with the proper medication you can become better. I was on Zoloft it didn't work so the doctor prescribed me xanax which was very helpful. people should ask your doctor for a prescription I have severe anxiety it will help.I've been on it for 2 years and it's been very helpful. I hope people see the light and try it has a bad reputation but it is it wonder drug.
1155	10.0	After experiencing breast cancer twice in 5 years I suffer from anxiety on a daily basis. Some days are very good and productive ,others not so good. I have tried many medications and work with an excellent doctor. My only relief comes from 1 mg of Xanax spread out over the course of the day. Thankfully my health prognosis is excellent,but the anxiety continues. I hope to be able to use it on an as needed basis someday. But for now I'm thankful for this medication.
1156	10.0	I've been battling anxiety since before I could remember it got so bad that I finally tried Xanax  for thw first time today and so far I feel like my best self l. My mind is no longer racing a million miles a minute and I don't feel tense at all, only peacefulness.
1157	10.0	I was on Ativan (Lorazepam) for awhile but found it highly addicting. I switched to Xanax (alprazolam) and it's fast acting and settles your anxiousness, sense of panic, and has a calming effect. I take them as needed. But if I have had a long stretch of taking them, it's not difficult to lower the dose and take them as needed. Your body doesn't go into absolute fits or seizures (as Ativan does). I'll take this forever. It's helped me live more normally.
1158	7.0	Severe withdrawal
1159	5.0	Rash, dry eye, dry mouth, dry skin, sore tongue and throat, cramps.
1160	8.0	I use this infrequently, but it's been effective each time. I take for anxiety and high stress situations, but also to calm my brain so I can get a good nights sleep! Works fast and slows me down but in a good way.
1161	10.0	1mg of alprazolam XR at night and sleep like a baby. No side effects, no need to increase the dose. It's a wonder medicine for me because I can't stop my mind racing. But this does.
1162	10.0	This medication has helped me a lot it keeps me calm and it's fast acting just take them as prescribed!
1163	9.0	On 0.5 mg with 20mg escitalopram at day time and 0.5 mg clonazepam at sleep. Nice medicine and completely drives away my anxiety, especially the running heartbeat and sweaty palms  using also propranolol 20 mg, for social anxiety disorder and racing thoughts, would rate it 10 if my concentration in studying would not have decreased due to one of above mentioned medicines. Overall good, taking it since past 5 months.
1164	9.0	Great for what it is meant for but a huge risk factor for dependency. If you can your better off taking Lexapro.
1165	10.0	Takes away all anxiety and stress. I have GAD SAD and PTSD.
1166	10.0	Works very well for anxiety. The best way to take these types of medicines is to take them as needed. Some doctors will tell you to take them everyday as prescribed, but I found in my 20 years of experience with Xanax that taking them everyday is an easy way for it to become habit forming and addictive. When I take them as needed I don't become dependent on them. I think doctors disagree with this method because they feel that you need to counter the anxiety before you get it and that way you can learn to tolerate it. I have tried using Xanax both ways, it's nice not having anxiety, but your body and mind will adapt to the dosage and if you take it long enough you will find you need a higher dose to feel like you did.
1167	9.0	Calms me down, allows me to focus at work and not dwell on my depression and anxiety. I am currently on 0.5mg twice a day and have noticed it is not effective as it was at beginning of treatment. I have appointment next week to review with my doctor where he may have me take 1 mg twice a day. Glad I am finally seeing light at end of tunnel after 20 years of claustrophobia and depression.
1168	5.0	I noticed my memory was very much affected on Xanax.  This is the quickest working benzo in my opinion, but does not last long.  Also, the withdrawals from Xanax were more severe than the withdrawals from the other benzos I've been on.  It works great for some people, but not so much for me.
1169	7.0	"In my experience, alprazolam can be extremely effective against anxiety, considerably addictive, and can easily create tolerance if the dosages are not carefully managed.
It should not be used as a sleeping aid, since it tends to lose its hypnotic effects after some time of continuous usage.
To avoid the tolerance and addictive issues, I recommend people to only take alprazolam in or before moments of anxiety. For cases of social anxiety, I recommend one to take alprazolam, 2 hours before social interaction. The dosage is, in my view, subjective, thus one should discover his optimal dosage, on an incremental basis. I personally take 1 to 1.5mg, 2 hours before leaving home, and then sustain it throughout the day with 1mg individual dosages."
1170	8.0	Acts very quickly and definitely feel the calming effect. The only downsides is that it doesn't last very long (2-3 hrs max, maybe even less) and you quickly build up a tolerance for it so you end up having to take much more the more you use it.
1171	9.0	Only benzodiazepine that worked completely. Been on all the others. Have tried antidepressants with negative results. So at the correct dose. Alprazolam is what I consider the hardest working anxiety and stress reliever available.
1172	2.0	Great for anxiety. However, only recommend using short term. I've gone through opiate withdrawing as well as benzo withdraws, and benzo withdraws are far worse. Never felt more suicidal...use with caution...
1173	10.0	"I have been on Xanax for a few years due to my anxiety discover. This tablet which I only take a quarter of when it is necessary which doesn't happen very often has helped me sleep and calm down. 
My sister has terminal cancer. 
It also helped me go through tough events."
1174	10.0	"I take this medication as needed. I take 150 mg Effexor daily, which helps with the majority of my depression and anxiety, but I take Xanax when I need to take the edge off. I was recently prescribed this, and I have only had to use it twice, while flying (I go into full panic mode). I took an entire pill 30 minutes before my flight and it made me relax right away. I have never been able to sleep on a plane (even during international flights), but it calmed me down to the point I fell asleep during both flights. It didn't even bother me during take off when the pilot had to slam on the breaks due to a cargo light.

This medication does make me sleepy, though I have not taken half a dose so far. My panic attacks are not as frequent as some."
1175	10.0	Been taking it for 2 years and it gets me through anxiety attacks.
1176	10.0	Works very well for me.
1177	10.0	My doctor tried me on a few anti anxiety meds prior to Xanax. I wish it didn't take so long because nothing helps me better than this.  Not only has it improved my life positively (when I'm taking it) but It helps with a variety of stresses - we are only human and I believe No matter how pure your life is sometimes you just need a Xanax. It can be addictive so I do not recommend taking it daily or in large doses.
1178	10.0	I have daily anxiety and was on Ativan for a while and while I loved the Ativan I was looking for something longer acting - my psychiatrist tried me on Xanax XR 0.05mg. For me, this medicine is a God send. In the beginning when I first starting taking it I did notice some slight dizziness and 'weird' feelings but I stuck with it and once it regulated in my system (about 3-4 weeks) I feel totally normal and calm on it with zero side effects. I have since upped my dose to the 1mg Xanax XR twice daily if I need it, but some days I only take one pill to get me through the day and deal with the anxiety at night since I'm home and then take a pill in the morning like normal. My advice would be to start it on the lowest dose and work your way up.
1179	10.0	I have been on quite a few antidepressants in addition to Xanax.  The antidepressants made my anxiety and panic worse, needing to increase my intake of Xanax when on the antidepressant(s).  I was really reluctant to take the Xanax when I was first prescribed the medication.  I have been of Pristiq for 8 months now and have lowered my Xanax from 1 mg in the morning, 1mg midday and 2 mg at bed.  I am now taking 0.5mg in the morning and 1.5 mg at bed.  I am taking vitamins, doing yoga and taking better care of myself. My doctor knows, I am honest. He wanted me to take 2mg every 8 hours but never did. My Mother just died a few weeks ago and have been getting really bad anxiety and still the same dose helps me.  Hope this helps.
1180	10.0	The best to ease the stress
1181	10.0	After a recent medical diagnosis, I had a difficult time coping and felt a tremendous sense of fear and worry constantly. Brought me to the point I was physically ill everyday and having panic attacks frequently. Xanax is wonderful when you find the right dose. Too much and I became a zombie. 0.25 MG was my perfect dose. It brought me down from panic and allowed me to take a step back and deal with my problems rationally.
1182	10.0	It makes any impossible situation more possible, it controls violence rage temper anger towards others. Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, panic attacks and keeps you calm.  The best!
1183	9.0	I was in England when I started getting feeling of depersonalization, forehead pressure, fear, negative thoughts and irritation etc. I came back to my country and consulted a doctor. He diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder. What he prescribed me may have worked but honestly speaking I did not give fair chance to the prescribed medicine.  He did not prescribe me Xanax but I managed to get it from somewhere myself as I had read about its effectiveness against anxiety. It worked perfectly for me. I killed my anxiety with it. It normalizes me and keeps me going ahead in life. I give 9/10. 
1184	10.0	I started this medicine about 2 months ago for severe anxiety. I tried everything they had out there for anxiety but nothing worked until now. I still get a panic attack once in a while but something I can handle.  Anxiety cause me to have heart disease and other problem health issues.  I recommend Xanax XR.
1185	9.0	I thought this medicine might help with the onset of an atrial fibrillation attack and it does!  Not a guarantee but very often helps  especially at night when I feel something coming on...it allows me to fall into a deeper sleep which at times kicks the onset.  Also very useful for anxiousness, as documented.  I do not take it daily, only when needed.
1186	9.0	Works well for anxiety attack.
1187	9.0	I get intense panic attacks. Xanax is very effective at working quickly to stop a panic attack. It saved my life, until after a few months I tried to stop taking it and got horrible withdrawals. I felt like I was dying, my anxiety was worse than it had ever been in my life, high blood pressure (and mine is naturally low), tachycardia, hallucinations, tremors. I hope anyone considering taking Xanax takes it at a low dose and not daily. If daily, do not quit cold turkey. 
1188	10.0	This medication works great for anxiety if taken the correct way.
1189	10.0	First time taking Xanax today and I feel great! The doctor prescribed me 0.5mg every 6 hours but I took a 0.25 and it helped tremendously! I am calm and able to function. All those anxious and negative thoughts just slip away.
1190	8.0	This worked great.
1191	9.0	This medication has helped me live a normal life well more normal. I don't worry much about nothing and I can go into Walmart and feel comfortable. My social life is improving as well. There were times I couldn't get myself to interact with people sometimes I wouldn't even answer the phone. I've only been on this medicine for a little over a month it has truly been a lifesaver. I am sleeping like a baby I can't remember the last time I've struggled to calm down and go to sleep only to wake up several times a night using the bathroom or just couldn't relax. My quality of life is getting much better.
1192	10.0	No side effects, effectively reduced my anxiety.
1193	10.0	I have experienced anxiety since being diagnosed with Cancer 4 years ago. I use 0.5 MG's twice daily and stick to this dosage given to me by my doctor. It helps me tremendously. I have tried to step off it several times and found it very difficult. Will remain on it for as long as I need it. It improves my life quality and keeps panic and anxiety at bay.
1194	10.0	"Yeah, it works.

Some people are more sensitive than others. Generally, you take a pill (depends on dosage) and you just start feeling your tight chest and stomach release, and I notice I begin breathing more calmly and normally. Just feels good all over, which is such a contrast from the horrors of anxiety.

It can make you a little sleepy. I think for 'normal people' it would make them very sleepy. For 'anxious' people, I think it makes you normal and relaxed.

The one problem is that if you take it too much, like three days in a row, the effect is reduced and you have to 'up' the dosage. I think it works best for occasional use, like before a difficult situation or when you're just having a lot of anxiety and need calm."
1195	10.0	Extremely helpful!
1196	9.0	This works effectively for anxiety as well as sleeping problems. It doesn't impair my cognitive abilities. It is not addictive to me, however the only problem is getting off Xanax and the backlash effect it creates. I have successfully used Tranxene to bridge this gap and taper off safely. I rate it a 9 1/2; it has been a true miracle when I needed it most!
1197	10.0	I was very uneasy always sad, lost how to be happy, jumpy at the slightest things and panic and from the second or third pill began to feel a difference. I felt like I could have fun again or really smile at least. It is like my brain needed a little help adjusting to difficult situations.
1198	8.0	I should start by letting you know that I was an addict of medicines (and having been through treatment, now enjoy 2 years and 9 months of sobriety) but I am also a sufferer of a wretched case of anxiety complete with full blown crippling panic attacks.  Which I have suffered from for many years, but upon completing treatment for my recreational use and now being honest with doctors it was very difficult for that reason to get one to prescribe something that would help my condition.  When I found one that would I would have to have my wife allocate the Xanax out to me but I will say it has helped and worked wonders.  IN MODERATION!!
1199	9.0	Works almost immediately. Gets rid of chest tightness, anger, emotional rollercoaster. Just doesn't last a full 8 hours.
1200	8.0	Taking a 2mg bar when I feel anxiety coming on, helps tremendously. Only negative effect is that I completely blackout and can't remember what I did, or what happened.
1201	10.0	"I have to start by saying that I'm fearful of medications for starters, secondly I have dealt with anxiety, panic attacks and agoraphobia for many years now! I'm not housebound but do have a small neighborhood radius of ""comfort"". I have in the past felt shamed of my condition as I thought I was unique and alone and somewhat embarrassed to try to explain my irrational feelings and thoughts, which I have learned since that they are entirely ""made up"" and thoughts lead to feelings that lead to behaviors all of which can be undone with the help of medicine, therapy, relaxation techniques, journaling, diet, exercise and not being afraid to open up about your anxiety. You are NOT alone! Learn to RELAX it WORKS."
1202	10.0	"I've been on a variety of different benzodiazipines for about 16 years now for anxiety, Agorphobia and even insomnia and I have to say Xanax is by far the most effective. I've been on Valium, Klonopin, Ativan and even SSRI'S and none helped me the way Xanax did. Ativan did absolutely nothing, Valium was ""decent""(I'd give it a 5) because of its long acting qualities and Klonopin made me tired all the time. Only with Xanax can I lead a normal, productive life. Without that medicine I would not be able to hang out with friends, go to the grocery store, go to the mailbox, associate with my family ...these are all triggers of my anxiety. Even answering the phone! I've taken 2mgs two times daily now for the past 7 years and it works great!"
1203	10.0	I have always struggled with worry, stress, and anxiety and recently have gone through some really difficult situation. My doctor diagnosed me with panic attacks and prescribed me a low dose of Xanax to take when needed. I take half a pill because I am afraid of developing a habit and hate relying on medications. This really does work and helps me a lot. I have only needed it a few times.
1204	9.0	I have anxiety for a long time, taking Zoloft for it since 99 not sure how much it helps, but when I get really bad I take Xanax .25mg, it does help quickly. My only thing on Xanax, I wished that it wouldn't be habit forming and because of that, you may need to make dosage higher and higher after .25mg. Also recommend checking for interactions with Xanax if you are taking any other medicines.
1205	9.0	"I asked my doctor if he could give me something as I had been under stress and anxiety for some time.  I take 0.5 mg of Xanax twice a day.  I take it about 1/2 hour before I go to bed so I can relax and sleep.

Not sure if the Xanax is causing some weight gain or not."
1206	10.0	I was diagnosed with renal cell carcinoma when I was 36. Kidney Cancer.  Luckily it was found by accident and very early. Stage 1.  It was the best possible diagnosis you can get when you are told you have cancer.  My Grandmother (78) died of cancer.  My mom (57) died of cancer, My dad (68) had skin cancer which was removed and now my sister-in-law (47) was diagnosed with stage IV Ovarian cancer and has been doing chemo and will have surgery tomorrow (Feb 12, 2014).  To say I have anxiety is a huge understatement.  I am in remission. It's been 6 years.  There isn't a moment that goes by where I don't think about cancer. It came to a point where I couldn't get out of bed. Xanax has changed my life. I can move on and live.
1207	10.0	Had a massive asthma attack...ambulance...two days in hospital. Now wake up every morning thinking I can't breathe. Just 0.25mg alprazolam an hour after I get up, I'm okay. Two 0.25mg if really anxious. Just take in the morning and am fine for the day.
1208	10.0	I was in car accident, brain damage, 10 years ago and been almost since on Xanax I love them they help me daily and nightly.
1209	10.0	As far back as I can remember, kindergarten I think. I've suffered from major anxiety issues. I can remember throwing up in the trash can by the entrance to Jr. High School, and through High School even. I could then, and can now make my hands sweat just by thinking about it. When I finally got on Xanax, I was far more outgoing, funny, and learned there was a whole side to me I didn't really know existed due to Anxiety. My point is.......don't wait! Talk to some one who can help you with Anxiety if you have it. And BE HONEST! Tell them how hard it is for you!!
1210	10.0	I started taking Xanax in 2007- my daily dose was up to 4mg daily as needed. I finally felt that I had my life back. In 2013 we moved to AZ and the 1st Dr I saw here discontinued it, cold turkey. A few others were drastically cut back and stopped without any warning. I must say it has been difficult.
1211	10.0	I've had severe anxiety, panic attacks, insomnia, and agoraphobia for 13 years. I was on Valium, 10mg twice a day. I've tried Ativan and Klonopin too. Xanax is the only one that actually helps me feel normal. Within 15 minutes of taking it, I can begin to feel it start calming me down. This is excellent when you're facing a panic attack. No side effects, other than sleepiness.  I can actually get out of the house when I take these. Having agoraphobia is no fun at all. Whenever I want to go somewhere, I will take my Xanax around 30 minutes prior to leaving.  If you suffer from anxiety, or any of the things mentioned, this med will help you out tremendously!
1212	9.0	Xanax was a Godsend in the short term. Nearly immediate peace from all anxiety and panic symptoms. The longer I took it though, the more problematic it became. Constantly increasing dose for effectiveness, switching formulations. Finally addiction, dependence - didn't matter if it was called this or that. Discontinuing Xanax was painful. Like weeks long, restless, climbing the walls, no sleep. I'd still call it useful in a low dose, well supervised situation. 
1213	10.0	Helps me tremendously on an as needed basis to relax. I feel great and back in control of my life when I take them. They help me to achieve more during the day and to sleep at night when I have a panic attack or anxiety. Valium is the only comparable medicine for anxiety and stress relief.
1214	9.0	My psychiatrist had me on 2mg Xanax IR as needed daily. I have severe anxiety and had tried Ativan, Klonopin, Valium, ect. None of them seemed to work. Finally, I found that Xanax did. Unfortunately, Xanax isn't a long-acting drug. I was finding that being on such a high dose of IR that I was having to take it even when I didn't need it for anxiety but just to keep from having withdrawals. I was miserable until I was prescribed 2mg Xanax XR twice daily. It does pretty well to control my severe anxiety, racing thoughts, and OCD! I do still take 1mg Xanax IR as needed if I'm having a hard day with my anxiety or if I have a panic attack. All in all, I recommend trying this medication for treatment of moderate to severe anxiety disorders.
1215	9.0	I developed depression and anxiety after having Cancer.I have tried many other meds but Xanax in small daily doses is the only thing that works for me. I work closely with my doctor and never abuse my dosage. I am thankful for this medication. Only problem is feeling guilty for needing to use it. I hear so many negative comments from others who are not informed about this condition. Any suggestions on how to just accept it and go on ?
1216	9.0	I take Xanax very rarely with Lexapro as my primary anxiety med. Xanax works perfectly to knock out secondary panic and anxiety symptoms, the best as needed anxiety med on the market. I don't recommend it as your primary anxiety med though, too addictive.
1217	10.0	Out of all the benzodiazepines I think that Xanax (alprazolam) is the best for me, acts quick &amp; does what it says, just be careful &amp; if you are going to ask your Dr. For them I recommend maybe starting out a smaller dose and work up from there. If that doesn't work, the reason is, after a bit you get a little immune to strength &amp; can bump up in dosage if this happens, unless you have a high tolerance, then maybe start at 1 mg, that way you can still move up if that doesn't work, but I recommend starting small &amp; moving up in dosage if needed.
1218	10.0	25 years, 3-4 1mg tabs a day, 5 neurologists prescribed over years.. Only medication (only) that works for my situation. Tried many others, they all failed.  Anxiety/depression way too bad.  MS/husband in nursing home, terrible childhood, 4  psychiatrists, used to take more got it down to 3x 1mg a day.  
1219	10.0	I started out on Valium 5 mg 4 times a day when I was 22 due to petit-mal seizures. The doctors said my anxiety was causing my blood pressure to go out the roof. At age 29 had a heart attack due to anxiety making my BP so high I was in V fib. Now at age 38 I'm taking Xanax 2 mg 3 times a day. For me all the antidepressants cause some kind of stimulation hat makes my anxiety worsen so I stopped the SSRI's. It is working for now but I fear what happens when this doesn't work anymore what am I going to do. So tired of having anxiety and panic disorder. I don't think too many doctors understand what a profound problem this causes in ones life. So really express how you really feel to your Doc.
1220	8.0	I have severe anxiety including social anxiety that confines me to my apartment 95% of the time. I also suffer from trichotillomania where my anxiety is so bad I pull my hair out. Have had this for 20 years and all the shrinks could not help me. I am 32 years old and just recently have been put on Xanax 0.5mg 3 times daily as needed. Well the first week I slept and slept, which is good because I wasn't sleeping before. I also have bipolar disorder and severe depression. Pristiq helps a little but I am allergic to everything else. Xanax slows down my racing thoughts so I can think clearer and make decisions easier and is helping with the hair pulling but am still desperately searching for help with that and have not found it.
1221	10.0	I have had a very emotional ups and downs in life and after getting married 15 years ago my life became more hectic. 10 years ago when I lost my cousin; I had panic attacks and I became hypochondriac. I took Anxit(Xanax) 0.25 to 0.5 mg twice a day. I stopped all of a sudden after an year and did not notice withdrawal symptoms as depression was somewhat like part of life dealing with people. Now recently, I started having very bad panic attacks and I almost stopped going out alone as I was scared to go out alone and my panic was of heart attacks and death by sudden reasons etc; for the past week I again started taking Anxit 0.25mg once in morning and night. I am fine and happy for the past week and I want to continue same dose.
1222	10.0	I have been on many other anxiety/panic disorder medicines. Tried Zoloft, Buspar, etc. Been on Xanax 1 mg 3x daily for about 10 yrs, but as my situations changed going to multiple panic attacks feeling as if appending doom due to attacks my doc has me on the 2 mg Xanax 3 times a day with diazepam (Valium) 10 mg 2x daily and Vistaril in between doses to prolong the medicine. I have seen my life do a big turn around! And I use Restoril a sleep aid to get me through the night because I would awake in the night with an attack. I understand these are benzodiazepines with the exception of the Vistaril. It's hard to find a doctor willing to accommodate that but it does work. Taken properly I have next to no attacks thanks to my understanding doctor. Only thing that works.
1223	10.0	Best medicine I ever been put on. Started off with two 0.05mg a day then to five 0.5 a day, and I'm Down to Three 1.0 MG a day and it's starting to not work as good. So I need to talk to my doctor and up the dose to at least 4 or 5 MG for my really bad anxiety and depression!
1224	10.0	If taken as directed, this though short lasting medication, is a very effective treatment for the prevention and release from panic and anxiety attacks.
1225	10.0	I have a very stressful life. After my mother passing in 2005, I started having major anxiety. It truly was debilitating my entire life. My Dr put me on 0.05 mg twice a day to help. It was the BEST thing I ever did. I have been on them for 8 yrs now's. I'm 32 and a mother of 4. There are days when I really feel the anxiety peek and I take one. Its the only thing that will work within 15-20 mins. It really has helped me tremendously. I can take my meds as prescribed and still am able to take care of home, kids and work feeling normal. I would suggest this for anyone how has anxiety or panic attacks or tons of stress.
1226	10.0	I have always been uncomfortable in situations where the focus could suddenly turn to me. I knew 6 months prior to my wedding that I wanted to see a doctor about this. He first put me on Celexa 10mg then 20mg. I lost all sexual desires with that. My doctor then switched me to Lexapro 10mg which was a little better for me than Celexa but still didn't fix my anxiety problems completely. Still being on Lexapro my doctor prescribed me 0.25mg alprazolam 1-3 / day as needed and let me tell it worked so well for me! I had to experiment with the doses before my wedding to know what amount was right for me. I found that when I took 2 pills (0.5mg total) my anxiety levels went down almost completely. My wedding day couldn't have been better!
1227	10.0	This medication helped me with my anxiety problems after years of trying other medicines that did not help me at all.
1228	10.0	I'VE taken Xanax prescribed by my Dr for almost 2 yrs and I think its great for nerves, anxiety and good sleep. I take it at night and sleep sound all night and in the morning get up refreshed. I'm an insomniac so the help sleeping is amazing. I give it a 10, just stick with the dose the Dr. prescribes.
1229	10.0	If I don't take it my skin feels like something is biting me and I itch all over I get very agitated and I can't sleep or sit still or focus my attention for a normal amount of time
1230	10.0	I've been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks for quite some time now and in the past year it's been happening more. Xanax helps, I've been prescribed this because it does help when the anxiety levels get very high and panic attacks and it also helps me to get some sleep at night as it helps reduce the level of anxiety.  Every person is different.
1231	9.0	Saved my Job..I'm a truck driver so I spend a lot of time in a truck and it gets really depressing being away from the family for weeks at a time but Xanax helps me cope with the situation and this is the only medicine I've found that wont make me tired and drowsy, unlike Zoloft that made me so tired I had to take two days off work. Xanax helps me relax and gives me focus so I can deal with my work situation.
1232	10.0	I feel like I'm not a mean and hated person wile being on Xanax. I have been suffering really bad lately with panic attacks and I can't breath and my cheat falls like to explode. My doc put me on 0.5mg to take 1 a day but sometimes I have to take more than 1 a day but it works wonders. I can be a better mom and wife with it.
1233	10.0	I'm prescribed 1mg of Xanax as needed. If I ever feel very anxious and take Xanax, my anxiety level tunes down to a 1. I'm almost too relaxed. However, Xanax can be very habit forming, so only take your dose.
1234	10.0	Xanax is amazing! In 2010 I was overwhelmed with emotions. My mother had a stroke in March of that year and at the same time me and my wife were expecting our 1st child. All these emotions led to me having depression and anxiety I was finally diagnosed in 2012 with anxiety disorder/panic attacks. They prescribed me Xanax 0.5mg one a day and it works miracles in my daily life.
1235	10.0	I've been on Xanax for 20 years for anxiety. I have tried just about everything they have come out with and this is all that works.
1236	10.0	I'm currently on alprazolam-1mg a day. I've been diagnosed with severe anxiety and panic disorder, afraid of dying; threw my experience because of my symptoms, which are rapid heart beat, trouble breathing sweaty feet or clammy hands, nausea, trembling, trouble sleeping, going out to do anything became an issue too, socializing and even faint, dizzy, pure fear of death. This has conflicted with my wife, children, jobs and my entire life period. Xanax has given me my life back in full and am currently regaining my life back.  
1237	9.0	I take it as needed.
1238	10.0	"I had severe anxiety, agoraphobia. I am on Xanax for about 3-4 month started with 0.25mg morning and 0.25mg at night and now on 0.50mg two times a day and feel great. No panic and my life is much easy. The world is more familiar and I can go anywhere. It's like I have wings now. I will try to leave the medication in future but for now I accept my situation because I like the feeling of living.

As an anxious I was afraid of death same as I was afraid of life. Now, I LIVE."
1239	10.0	I am a teenager who has anxiety/panic attacks occasionally, and my physcisian has been giving me 0.5mg of Xanax for the past couple months to take as needed for anxiety. I can't tell you how wonderful this medication has been. After 15-20 min of taking it my anxiety/panic feelings diminish completely, and I have no need to feel anxious about anything after that. 
1240	10.0	Xanax has saved my life. I've been on them for almost four years. I am depressed, have panic attacks, and severe anxiety. Xanax has made me feel normal. I can now be in public unlike before it would make me nervous. I can deal with working and school without having severe anxiety. Racing thoughts and worrying constantly are no more, Xanax rakes that away. I'm not as panicky,  just relaxed and can handle issues, stress, everyday life better. I highly recommended Xanax if you have anxiety or panic attacks.  I'm on 2mg twice a day.  I take one as soon as I wake up, one in the evening, then my sleeping medication are night. I love Xanax for helping me. 
1241	10.0	I have been taking Xanax (alprazolam) in moderation for a few years. I do not take it unless I feel extremely stressed, which leads to depression. Although I take Lexapro for depression and anxiety, Xanax is still needed for the severely stressful times. It quickly calms my nerves and helps me to not worry and stress so much about things most people would not stress over. It also helps with my short temper. Overall it has been helpful. Also, I tend to forget what I've done or said or experienced while under the influence of Xanax. Also, I noticed it increases my appetite for not-so-healthy foods. Use with caution and moderation.
1242	7.0	After my divorce I was depressed and having anxiety attacks, I went to a respectable Doctor but she prescribed me Wellbutrin, after taking it for awhile I felt numb (mentally). I tried a 1mg Xanax and it was perfect! I slept great, but when I first started taking them I would wake up groggy. I would get a shower and that would wake me up. I've been taking them for about 7 years. I am currently cutting my doses down to try to ween off them! I do not have an addictive personality but after a job loss of 10 yrs I tried to quit cold turkey! Not a good idea at all! I can only say use as prescribed and less if possible! Don't just pop one because you are stressed out! Take a walk, talk to a friend, please use with caution.
1243	7.0	Great for getting uninterrupted sleep....no groggy feeling in the morning. However, tolerance to medicine is pretty quick,  therefore it has not proven to be the BEST remedies.
1244	10.0	Worked great!
1245	10.0	I am about to turn 50 and my life of anxiety has been a recent and unpleasant downward spiral. I ended up in the emergency room twice with soaring blood pressure, flushing and heart palpitations plus overwhelming feelings of panic. I live daily with either anxiety or small panic attacks, they are debilitating and have affected my ability to continue work on my degree. After my last ER visit a doc felt I was having panic attacks and directed me to seek help at a Mental Health Clinic. I've tried several anti-depressants and I have not tolerated them well. Xanax (0.5 mg) has gotten me through many a day and night and I prefer this medication over all the others. It decreases the anxiety very quickly and helps to maintain a sense of normality.
1246	10.0	Relaxed and calm
1247	10.0	Xanax has been a life saver! Just recently had a heart attack and had my 4th stent put in. Was still having chest pains which obviously scare me when I have them. The tricky part is separating the chest pains from anxiety which I have been diagnosed with. What a vicious cycle!
1248	10.0	I was 19 years old when my family doctor prescribed me Xanax 0.25mg. for my stress and anxiety from work and life at the time. I'm 43 now I only take it when I'm under a lot of stress or when my anxiety level goes up in any situation in my life. At the same time when I'm stressed out I go walking and running because it helps too. I wouldn't know what I would do if I didn't have Xanax to help me.
1249	10.0	If you want absolutely zero anxiety then Xanax/alprazolam are very helpful.
1250	8.0	Helps my Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome and the anxiety adrenaline surges that goes along with the POTS/Dysautonomia. Helps with insomnia induced from POTS/Dysautonomia as well!
1251	9.0	4 years ago I had my first panic attack/anxiety. Had hyperventilation and end up in the ER. My doctor prescribed 0.025mg of Xanax. I took the medicine as required. I wasn't able to drive and do anything out by myself. I was afraid and worried of being alone. I always fear that it would happen again. My thoughts are always what if...Anxiety was taking over my life. I was able to control it for 2 years. Just this month I recently panicked for no reason. My dr. put me on this just in case I have a full blown anxiety...but the downside to this medicine is it makes me really sleepy and tired. But it does works!
1252	10.0	I have taken Xanax on and off for 18 years and I would say it has been a lifesaver for me. I have episodes of anxiety, nothing earth shattering, but debilitating non-the-less. Xanax has helped smooth those times over and make life manageable. This is a wonderful medicine!
1253	10.0	Alprazolam for me is an excellent medication. I have ADHD and am 47 years old. A professional in business and have a somewhat stressful life, like many people. Having gone through anxiety attacks, I found this medicine to be perfect to calm my mental state in 20-30 minutes after taking. A small dosage usually does what is needed, 1/2 of a 0.25 mg tablet. Once every 4 hours 3 times a day for 2-4 days, don't take it as a quick fix, anxiety can bounce right back unexpectedly. Keep a note pad with things to do and tell your doctor if you need more than one full 0.25 mg tablet dosage, as using it in larger amount can cause dependency.
1254	10.0	I've been taking this medicine for 2 days and all I can say is wow! Is this what normal life is supposed to feel like? I was diagnosed with a chronic pain condition that is caused by a lifetime full of anxiety and the tightening and clenching of muscles that were not intended to be in constant use. The pit in my stomach is gone and I am actually looking forward to waking up in the morning and being able to face the day anxiety free!
1255	10.0	"I'm 23 about to be 24 , and I've taken Xanax for going on 9 years.  For my panic attacks/anxiety mainly.  I absolutely love this medicine.   I find myself ""extra friendly"" sometimes, but better than being a grouch or hiding from my own shadow. I take anywhere from 1mg to 1 1/2mg per day."
1256	10.0	I suffer from anxiety/ panic attacks as well as live a somewhat stressful life style. Xanax has been my life saver and has been a tremendous aide in allowing me to continue  to function in life on a daily basis. Truly a blessing in my life 100%.
1257	9.0	I've taken Xanax (generics) for anxiety and panic attacks for seven years.  I've taken it just as my doctor instructs (actually, he wants me to take it more often) and have had no issues with dependency, even during periods when I needed it three or four times a week.  I love that it kicks in in under five minutes.  I take it as soon as I start panicking, and five minutes later, my mind just calms down.  It doesn't numb me or get me high, it just keeps my brain from going into a panic spiral.  It also helps reduce the urge to self-harm. The only side effect I've experienced is drowsiness, but it usually isn't enough to keep me from going about my day.  One warning, though: DO NOT take with alcohol. 
1258	10.0	Xanax is the only medicine that will work for me.
1259	10.0	"I wouldn't have been here without Xanax. Been on them 16 years. The only medication that helps me. I have generalized anxiety disorder, Panic Disorder with Agoraphobia and Bi-Polar 2 disorders. I still fight depression but I have come from the point where I could not even walk out of the house to where I can function normally every day. If not abused, this is truly a miracle. It also does more for my depression than any other medications I am on. Unfortunately its half life is fairly short. I have been on the same dosage ( 3 x 1mg a day ) for years and I ""fight"" a lot of my emotions before taking one. So, I have not become immune to its effects. Some days I only take 1. I do not want to go back to where I was before. "
1260	10.0	Xanax helps me cope with life. I live a pore life it gives me the nerve to do things I wouldn't do.
1261	10.0	"I thank Xanax for making me a better mom. I was mean to everyone around me and I took the motto ""this is who I am"" to heart. It was not until my mother died after having my third child that I actually realized my angry childhood and anger in this world was not to blame on any one but my own feelings. After taking Xanax and some therapy, I am a new person. I would not be able to live without it. I do not abuse it. I only take the amount prescribed by my doctor and no more. I also take Paxil which helped me a lot as well, but without the Xanax, I would not be living. Participating with my life and most of all my children. I read to them now we go on picnics and wilderness hikes. I love my life, now!"
1262	10.0	Good.
1263	8.0	A God send for my untreatable insomnia. Only side effect that prevents me from taking it more often is the testosterone suppressing effect. I spend a lot of time working out and eating right and noticed my strength and body composition, took a very noticeable nose dive a few months after starting on it. I have used 1-2 mg nightly for almost a year. On the plus side, it has helped me get the deep restorative sleep I struggle to get.
1264	9.0	I had at night a panic attack and used 1 tablet 0,25 mg. I used it 3 days and no problems anymore.
1265	10.0	It's THE best thing for an acute panic attack.  Nothing works faster.  Just make sure you follow your doctor's guidelines.  Actually, the less you use it, the better it works.
1266	10.0	This medicine has saved my life in my own opinion. I suffered from severe panic attacks and thought that I was going crazy prior to being diagnosed with my conditions. Now I feel like I can lead a normal life. I am able to work a full time job that is extremely stressful at times and not worry about going into a panic attack. I no longer have trouble losing my breath when I do get upset and this medicine has made a tremedious difference in my every day life.
1267	10.0	Unbelieveable. I thought I was living a normal life, until my doctor prescribed it for me the first time. It has been a miracle for me.
1268	8.0	Wonderful to control anxiety, as well as panic disorder.
1269	10.0	Xanax (alprazolam) is the best benzodiazepine I've taken for anxiety and I've taken all of them at one point or another in the past 14 years. I'm prescribed 2mgs twice daily and usually I only need 1.5 mgs twice daily. Works great.
1270	10.0	Happy and free of anxiety.
1271	10.0	I've been tormented by anxiety since childhood. I am 24 years old and have been through a lot in my life. I've been diagnosed with depression, bipolar disorder and anxiety, panic attacks, ADD. I've been medicated most my life as well. My anxiety got so bad in high school that I had to be home schooled. I wake up in the morning feeling like my heart will explode for no apparent reason. I get intense irrational fear and intense impulses to harm myself because I just can't take it and get frustrated I start throwing and breaking things I can't stand to be alone a lot of the time. Xanax works fast and calms me down without knocking me out. Depending on the severity of my attacks I take up to 2 mg. No less than 0.5-1mg.
1272	8.0	Xanax has been a great thing for me. I was very scared to take it in the beginning because I had no idea how I was going to feel but it really calmed me down after two weeks of thinking I was going crazy or dying. I had never experienced anything like this before but I had to get a blood transfusion for my anemia and all hell broke through. My doctor gave me 0.025 and I only take 1/4 of that I Break it in 4's I don't want to go to sleep just take the edge off so my advice to anyone that has to take this even if you have a higher dose just take 1/4 of it until you see how it will respond to your body I hope I could be a help to someone.
1273	10.0	This is an ABSOULUTE LIFE SAVER if you have bad anxiety or having a panic attack. Would be lost without it
1274	10.0	Very effective medication, not quite as long lasting as similar ones, but very effective.
1275	9.0	"Brilliant, the only thing that helps my anxiety and panic attacks.
"
1276	3.0	My anxiety didn't really cease when I was on this medication. I didn't feel the effects that others have described, but once I got on the non XR I was able to attend school, go to the grocery store, do all the normal things that people without severe anxiety can do.
1277	10.0	Good
1278	7.0	Does what it's supposed to do, but don't stop taking it cold turkey. You definitely need to ween yourself off if you've been taking it for awhile.
1279	9.0	I am a 33 year old mother of 4 and suffered from depression and very bad anxiety for 5 years. Been in hospital 11 times, the longest 6 months. They filled me with all sorts of medicines at some points. I was so out of it but then a new doctor I met gave me Xanax along with some other antidepressants and I am doing fine and living a normal life. I think these are great.
1280	9.0	I have had tremendous benefits from just 0.25mg taken as needed.  I previously had lived with anxiety and panic (from social situations, particularly work meetings, eating out at restaurants, etc) for about 9 months before working up the courage to see my doctor.  I started developing avoidance tendencies, and decided that I was tired of letting anxiety run my life.  I am careful to take it only as needed, and would highly recommend for those with occasional severe anxiety or panic.  I've been exercising more and focusing hard on positive thinking, and that combination with the occasional Xanax has been tremendous. Remember, you have an awesome life to live!
1281	9.0	After serving 20 years in the military as a recruiter and as a husband, this medicine has definitely been a life saver especially now that I have to spend a lot of time around a critical spouse. The doctor did advise me to seek therapy and exercise in addition to taking the medication but the medicine seemed to make everything ok. Keep in mind that if you do have mental issues it is better to deal with that 1st BEFORE resulting to something that is addictive as this.
1282	9.0	I used to work for a bank and I was being helped by one of my colleagues on opening an account for a customer. I was making many mistakes, I began to panic and I was sweating profusely. The customers wouldn't make much conversation with me because they felt they we're making me nervous. I had to excuse myself to take a breather in the break room! Xanax has helped me become more relaxed and socially open with strangers. I feel like my job interviews are going to be pleasant now! The only side effect I experience is tiredness after the medicine wears out, but that only lasted for about 1 hour for me.
1283	10.0	When the world is closing in on me I take a Xanax and suddenly I'm able to function again. I can learn and adapt and I feel like I can capture and retain information better. Without it any new information is lost on me and my learning process is inhibited. The little stuff is not a problem anymore and I can focus on accomplishing anything I need to. I didn't start having anxiety attacks until after college. I did really well and all of a sudden I felt like in the real world I could not meet the expectations because of how well I did in school. Everything became too much. Debt, learning a new job, reading (which is my favorite thing to do), being with family and friends. I hit a wall. Even with anti-depressants I could not function.
1284	8.0	Xanax is great. It gets rid of anxiety but makes me drowsy.
1285	7.0	It helps me from having severe anxiety attacks, I do go through normal emotions, so I only take them when I get too overwhelmed and I am going to have an anxiety attack. They are very helpful.
1286	10.0	Very good. A little drowsiness after panic subsides, though I'm not sure if this is due to a physiological response to subsiding high levels of hormones associated with fight/flight response (e.g., cortisol and adrenaline) involved in panic attacks.
1287	10.0	Helps me a lot.
1288	10.0	I have been taking Xanax since 2003 and I absolutely love it. I have a social anxiety disorder it makes me extremely nervous to be around large groups of people, even my friends. When I don't have my Xanax, I'm no fun to be around and I have high levels of anxiety. Not fun. Bottom line, Xanax really has saved my life. There were times when I was suicidal and without it, I may not be here. I would recommend it to anyone who needs it.
1289	10.0	I lost the father of my kids almost 3 years ago and this medicine has helped me cope with that and my depression and anxiety and panic attacks. It's a miracle. If used like it is suppose to be used. This is the best medication I have found out there. I take 0.5 mg 4 times a day and it seems to be working great but you do build up a tolerance. 
1290	9.0	I've taken Xanax for years for occassional insomia. For the past year, I've been battling with high blood pressure along with some new health issues that popped up. For the last two weeks, my heart has been racing and my stomach has had butterflies.  I really felt like hiding under the covers and didn't know why. I kept wondering why am I SO afraid lying in bed watching TV?  I felt as though my heart was about to just rip itself out of my chest.  So I decided to take a Xanax during the day and it was like a miracle cure.  Hopefully, the panic attacks wont last forever, but thank God, I had something to help.
1291	10.0	Just great. I do not use the prescribed amount (0.5mg every 8 hours or every 4 hours as needed). I have not used for a week now but just took 1/2 pill and 25 minutes later I feel good.
1292	9.0	I personally get more results with 1 mg. I've been using these for 5 years to treat my anxiety.
1293	9.0	Lowest dosage took the edge of the anxiety off. Was not dopey, and was able to function and focus.
1294	9.0	"I am so thankful for this medication! It has saved me countless trips to the ER due to severe, gripping panic attacks. It took about 8 years of anxiety, useless ""trying"" of several SSRI's, and DOZENS of trips to the hospital hyperventilating, shaking, screaming with my pulse approaching 200 before a smart doctor finally prescribed Me Xanax. 
I take the medication on an as-needed basis, and sparingly.
I take 0.25mg (half pill) to prevent anxiety attacks when anticipating an panic-inducing situation. I take 0.50mg at the first signs an attack is starting. The quickest, most effective route is to lightly crush the pill with your teeth and let it dissolve beneath your tongue. 
My experience with Xanax is pretty much identical to that of Ativan."
1295	9.0	It kicks in fast when you get that real bad feeling but I'm tired of taking pills everyday and it happenes everyday a few times a day, bad body aches breathing chest pains. I don't even worry about anything and boom it creeps up on me fast. 
1296	10.0	I truly believe that Xanax has been the ONLY medication that has worked for my anxiety and depression....any other anxiety/depression prescription that I have been on never really worked, I would be shaky a lot, tired all the time, and I never just felt sane or content. I have been prescribed Zoloft, Paxil, and even Abilify but none of those worked! Xanax is what worked for me and it calms me down every time I need it, and that is a lot because I am easily upset and can easily become stressed out. This is a miracle medicine, it really is!
1297	10.0	Xanax has been a life saver. I have always had problems feeling a little anxious.  But once I was diagnosed as having a brain tumor at 26, it only made things worse.  My doctor prescribed Lexapro, which worked okay, but I didn't like the way it made me feel, so I stopped taking them on my own.  One particular night about 3 weeks ago, I got so upset that I thought I was having a heart attack.  I was dizzy, chest hurting and pounding, weakness. Nobody could find anything medically wrong with me.  I asked the doctor for something for anxiety to which he prescribed Xanax 0.25mg every 6 hours and within the 30 minutes of taking it, all my symptoms had diminished.  Xanax really saved my life.
1298	9.0	I suffer from panic attacks that occur after I go to sleep.  I wake up about an hour or so after I fall asleep (I don't have trouble falling asleep) freaking out.  My heart is racing, I am terrified and I feel like I will go crazy before it stops.  They are so scary because no matter how many times I have suffered through them, I am always sure I am dying when I have one.  Previously I was given other medications like Buspar or Paxil, but I didn't tolerate them very well and they did not stop the attacks - only slowed them down.  Once I was prescribed Xanax I noticed that the medication would actually stop a panic attack in its tracks, which was a miracle.  The medication has almost completely stopped the attacks - but not 100 %.
1299	10.0	Xanax has been great for my panic attacks, social anxiety, and sweating because of nervousness and just every day anxiety! At first I was prescribed the ER 2mg Xanax but that did nothing for me! but then I worked up to a 2mg in morning and 2mg at night,  and it's been a great part of my life. 
1300	10.0	Xanax is a miracle. Just recently prescribed Xanax and Lexapro at age 33 for generalized anxiety disorder and I can honestly say that I am back to my old self. I have only had 2 panic attacks in the last 6 months. I can sleep all night without waking up, I am much more laid back, I am calm and not worrying all the time. I would definitely talk to your MD about both of these medicines if you truly have an Anxiety disorder.  Both have been a life saver for me and my family.
1301	8.0	Alprolazam keeps me on an even keel.
1302	10.0	"I have taken Xanax for 24 years and it has been a life-saver for me!  When my psychiatrist prescribed it for me, 24 years ago, I was just about at the end of my rope.  I was crying all the time, was hyperventilating, had bouts of my heart fluttering and many other typical ""anxiety-related"" symptoms. I was at the point that I was afraid I was dying or going crazy. Over the years, my dosage has been adjusted to work with my life at the time, but I have always taken it exactly as prescribed and have never wanted or needed more than was prescribed.  As a matter of fact, I am currently taking 0.5 mg two times per day, but can take as much as 1 mg five times per day."
1303	9.0	Works great for short notices. If you find yourself in a anxiety situation or short notice to do some public speaking then Xanax is great for those situations.  When I take them I only take half the pill and that dose is fine for me. It kicks in about 20-30 minutes and lasts a good couple of hours at the most. Its similar to Klonopin but works faster. I recommend it for as needed use only. If its an all day thing then Klonopin is better. Just my experience with it. Others may vary.
1304	10.0	Perfect for the immediate relief of panic or anxiety.
1305	10.0	As soon as I started taking Xanax I started to feel much better. I have had anxiety and panic attacks for years and Xanax has really helped me. I have had zero side effect from taking it. So far going well.
1306	10.0	I've always known that Xanax was the answer to my issues.
1307	10.0	"I suffer from generalized anxiety disorder, so Xanax has served as my ""safety net"" in times of distress. When taken as prescribed, those of us who need it simply feel like life is bearable again. Those nagging irrational thought patterns and worries are silenced.

However, Xanax is not a medicine to be taken lightly (hence the bad reputation it's received). It's short half-life causes cravings to re-dose (vs Klonopin, which never gives me those feelings). Use in moderation, and make an effort to see a cognitive-behavioral therapist if you haven't done so."
1308	10.0	I was in a car accident a few years ago. After that I had a panic attack when I would have to ride in a car. My doctor prescribed me 1 mg whenever I had to ride and it helped great. Now my doctor relocated and no other doctors will prescribe it. It causes problems between me and my wife.
1309	10.0	Xanax is wonderful for anxiety and panic attacks. I can thank this medication for making me a normal person. For being able to walk anywhere where there are people and feel absolutely no anxiety whatsoever. It's given me my life back. 
1310	9.0	I have lived with anxiety for five years and it has been a living nightmare. I struggle with trying to relax and calm after a long days' work. I am a mother, full-time employee and a recent college graduate (full-time, too). I have lived so long being stretched and now that I don't need to stretch that far, I have issues with trying to relax and take it easy. I am on Celexa and had to add Xanax to my regimen a year ago after having my first panic attack. I take 0.25mg as needed and sometimes before bed to help me sleep. Xanax has helped me calm my nerves and relax. Usually within the first half hour, I feel like I can chill out. It takes away the physical effects (shakiness and fast heart beat) and cools the mind and thought process.
1311	10.0	They work so good for me. I don't know what I would do without it. 
1312	8.0	I have been taking Xanax off and on for about 3 years now. It is great for anxiety. I spent thousands of dollars going to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack before it was brought to my attention that it was actually anxiety. I take 0.5mg as needed now. I noticed that when I stopped taking it that I could not sleep for days and I became shaky at times, and the anxiety returns immediately. The other thing that I notice is that after a while you become immune to the dosage. If you only take it with the onset of an anxiety or panic attack it shouldn't be a problem.
1313	10.0	This has been a God send for me. It makes me feel like I'm on a more even playing field and I've had less panic attacks. With only having to take 1 every 12 hours, that is also helpful as I am on other medicines for depression and fibromyalgia. I would recommend for anyone with anxiety and/or panic disorders to definitely try this if you can get your Doctor to prescribe it for you, as it is becoming harder and harder to get the medicines that actually work for us because they think we will all become addicted. I always say give us the medicines we need for our problems that WORK and we'll worry about the rest later. 
1314	10.0	Xanax (Alprazolam) has been a miracle for me. I suffer from depression, severe anxiety from GAD, Panic Disorder, OCD, and PTSD. Xanax helps prevent panic attacks and stop them once they start. Be careful about taking it everyday due to tolerance being built up to the medicine (needing more and more to get the same effect) and because of addiction issues. I don't take regular Xanax everyday. I try to stick with the extended-release version, if possible, to avoid addiction to regular Xanax. Regular Xanax, however, works hard and fast and is great for those who really need it. I give it a 10/10!
1315	8.0	Xanax saved me from the brink. I suffer from panic disorder and anxiety and Xanax has been the only thing that works. The only thing: respect it. Don't drink alcohol on it or you will become highly intoxicated, and possibly get sleep apnea. Respect this drug and it will serve you well. 
1316	10.0	I was prescribed Xanax by my psychiatrist because of severe anxiety.  I was started on 1 mg to be taken at night. It has been the best medication prescribed for my condition as it also helped slow down the suicidal thoughts which were on a daily basis.  I am still taking Xanax under GP supervision, as it helps relieve the level of anxiety tremendously.  It is the best medication ever made for people who are born prone to anxiety throughout their childhood/adolescence and extreme shyness, yes shyness.  I also take it in conjunction with antidepressant, Aropax, which helped with my depression but also with my unfortunate disability of extreme shyness which was a constant problem for me as an adult basically all my life.
1317	10.0	Absolutely the best medication for anxiety. I have taken this medicine on and off for over twenty years and it has literally saved my life.  I too wish that people would stop abusing this medicine and that doctors would not fear prescribing it when necessary. It's been prescribed to me with antidepressants of different kinds and allowed me to live a normal life for the most part.
1318	10.0	Xanax is a miracle for my anxiety and depression. Before taking this, I could not handle doing the things I love, such as hanging out with friends and going to concerts where I would be around large numbers of people. I take usually 2-4 mg a day, and can function normally, be calm, and be around people. Although Xanax has a high potential of dependency to it, and can cause serious withdrawals after suddenly stopping the medicine, for me the benefits outweigh the risks. Xanax helps me live life happily and with confidence in myself.
1319	10.0	I've had anxiety issues my entire life. I honestly thought I was weird because I could not handle all the stress from my job and personal life. I don't have children, so again, I thought I had some severe mental issues! I tried Klonopin, WSellbutrin and Lexapro. All made me feel and act like a zombie. I am on Xanax 1mg 3x a day. Doing great, changed jobs now making more money without as much stress, happily married, and about to start law school. All good for now.
1320	10.0	Changed my life completely, I can actually function in social settings.
1321	10.0	I have had depression since I was a teenager. I have tried pretty much anything you could think of. Nothing has helped me like Xanax. The problem is that doctors don't like to prescribe this medicine. I feel so lost without it and I would only take it when I really needed it. Only 2 or 3 times a week. 
1322	10.0	I feel like Xanax saved me. I had a very rough childhood with my father addicted to drugs, lost our house, had to raise my sisters because my mom had to get a full time job. I was going down a very bumpy road. I finally settled down with my now soon to be husband, and with the persuasion of him and my father (now sober, and also has anxiety) At age 18 I finally broke down and decided to go talk to a doctor. He prescribed me to multiple anti-depressants that made everything worse. He then put me on Xanax, I've never been so stress free. I have held down the same job, I'm doing well in school and again, and maintained a healthy relationship. I'm a changed person at 21 years old.
1323	10.0	I am a chronic worrier. I wake up in the morning worrying about something. My doctor prescribed Alprazolam about 3 years ago, up to 2 x 0.5 mg tablets a day as needed. I do not like to take medication, but Alprazolam takes the heaviness out of my chest and breathing is easier, and I feel relaxed. It is amazing. No side effects. It helps me at work if I have meetings, or have to talk in front of a group. I wish I did not need it, but thank God it is there at this time. 10 out of 10.
1324	8.0	Xanax XR is very similar to Klonopin. It's slow to start up (around an hour) then it lasts a long time (8-12 hours). It has subtle effects and no big highs and lows in anxiety like regular Xanax IR does. I highly recommend Xanax XR for all-day (or  most of the day) relief from anxiety and panic attacks. You might want to have regular Xanax or Ativan around for panic attacks on a when required, or as needed, basis for panic attacks only.
1325	10.0	Xanax is a miracle and cures my anxiety while I use it. I highly recommend it!
1326	10.0	I have very severe generalized anxiety which sometimes manifests as the inability to leave my home (or sometimes, my room). I have other psychological issues as well and Xanax can reduce a manic or psychotic episode into almost nothing. I have been thinking of asking for extended release tablets. When I feel a serious panic attack coming on it is awesome to have something that stops the attack, and doesn't leave me too 'dopey' feeling to go back to work or whatever I was doing. Thanks Xanax.
1327	10.0	I suffer from anxiety and was prescribed Cymbalta and Xanax. While they both worked, I didn't like the way Cymbalta made me feel and I had some of the more alarming side-effects, so I've switched over to just taking Xanax as needed and going to a psychotherapist, and I feel much much more in control of my anxiety. I only take 0.25mg as needed (when I feel my anxiety building) and find it to be perfect, I can calm myself down more quickly and still focus and work productively.
1328	10.0	Xanax is something that I was afraid to take, given the fact that people with anxiety and panic attacks are usually scared of what the medicine is going to do.  I finally gave in and started taking my Xanax on a day when I needed to go to the Doctor which terrifies me.  I took the lowest dose, 0.25 mg and I am so thankful that I did.  No panic whatsoever at the Doctors office.  I so look forward to knowing that I will have something to take to help me get through panic situations that I have been avoiding for years.
1329	9.0	I've never taken Xanax before up until now. I've tried Effexor, Viibryd, Wellbutrin, etc. but none of those worked at all and I could not handle the side effects. Xanax has given me my life back. My panic attacks have finally reduced, but more importantly I can continue to function in my normal everyday life. Most other medicines have me sitting on the couch in the evenings doing absolutely nothing as nothing seemed to matter. With Xanax, I can effectively handle my overwhelming daily task list!
1330	9.0	This medication has been a God send for my chronic battle with anxiety and depression. A much safer alternative and also a much less expensive medicine than most barbituates, Xanax works very well on me and several of my fellow patients who suffer from anxiety.
1331	8.0	I'm prescribed Xanax XR 3mg which is the highest strength. My psychiatrist took me off of 2 mg Klonopin because it wasn't doing much for me. Xanax XR works well and I used to take instant release Xanax between 1 and 2 mg and I feel like the instant release caused a high feeling. Oh and do not drink alcohol while taking this medicine unless you want to make a huge fool of yourself and not remember a thing you did.
1332	10.0	Amazing medicine
1333	10.0	I have suffered from anxiety for years and tried to combat it without medicines.  I finally gave in and went to the doctor and was given Xanax.  This medicine has tremendously helped my anxiety. I take 0.50 mg as needed (about once a week). It begins working within 10 minutes and doesn't wear-off until 4-5 hours later, which is perfect for me.  It can make me a little drowsy, but not to the point where I feel like I'm going to fall asleep while I'm in public.  I have never been addicted to this medicine, as I've been very careful to ONLY take it when I really need it.
1334	10.0	I have been on (2mg) Alprazolam for about 6 months now and I cannot say how much better my quality of life is. No more anxiety and no more sleepless nights. Thank you!
1335	8.0	Too make a long story short, a little over 2 weeks ago after an MRI, we were told our daughter had a birth defect called Chiari which required brain surgery, which is scheduled for September 9, 2011.  My anxiety was so bad I couldn't function normally and couldn't stop crying, couldn't sleep, had chest pains and my head was so lightheaded I thought I would pass out. Xanax stopped all of it. I only rate it an 8, not because of how it works, but because of me. I still can't control my anxiety without help from Xanax. Now I can sleep, breath and only cry once a day if at all. I'm seeing a shrink and feeling stronger so maybe soon I will be in control of myself again and handle my families life again as a strong mom and woman.
1336	9.0	I have tried everything from regular Xanax to Klonopin. I was a severe crack addict and being on any medication scared the day lights out of me (as I was trying to live a life free of drugs) but my doctor prescribed me Xanax XR 1 x a day and I FEEL GREAT! My husband of a year went from walking on eggshells around me to loving every waking moment with me! It has helped with my fight of crack cocaine as well!  It helps with my highs and lows of my Bi-polar disorder as well. My anxiety is very minimal now and I am so very thankful for this medication. I am also on Depakote 500mg at night for my epilepsy and my bi-polar disorder.
1337	10.0	I've been on Alprazolam (Xanax) for over five years now.  I take 2mg four times a day.  Xanax is the only medication, when taken as prescribed, that allows me to manage my anxiety and panic disorder.  I have my Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD), My Severe Panic Disorder, My Antisocial tendencies, My Social Anxiety, My insecurity's and even my Agoraphobia all to a tolerable level. Xanax has greatly improved the quality of my life. If you can't find anything else that works, ask your doctor about Alprazolam.
1338	10.0	This medicine is great. No side effects. Calms me down. Helps with the racing thoughts at night and to relax and get to sleep. I also had panic attacks, now with Xanax they are gone. I only take 0.5mg at night and as needed when nervous or with social anxiety if I go out. It works wonders. It is sad that many doctors do not want to prescribe it because of stigma of abuse and it really would help many people with anxiety disorders.
1339	10.0	I have emphysema related anxiety and Xanax is the only thing that helps me. It does not get rid of the anxiety attacks but is strong enough to manage getting my anxiety attack under control. The quality of my life is unbearable without this medication.
1340	10.0	Helps me a lot.
1341	10.0	Xanax for panic attacks saved my life. I had developed agoraphobia after 9 months or so of severe panic. I was prescribed Xanax for occasional use by a very smart doctor and just knowing I had them to rely on if I needed them was enough to end the cycle of panic. If you panic, they work quickly to end the attack. I know that people have trouble with withdrawal if they're used for too long. I did my best to breathe through the attacks and fend them off myself, but when I couldn't Xanax was a savior.
1342	10.0	Calms my anxiety better then anything else. When I have anxiety attacks and take one or two Xanax I actually feel normal again and a lot more outgoing and I'm not so shy or afraid to meet and talk to new people that I may meet.
1343	8.0	Effectively and rapidly eliminates symptoms of my anxiety.  Also works well in calming my thoughts down.  Only downside of this medication that I can conjure up is a propensity to make me lethargic...but this is only a significant problem if I'm not engaged in some sort of physical or mental diversion.
1344	10.0	I have two small children and it can be a lot to deal with on a daily basis. My doctor prescribed 1mg twice a day and it has helped tremendously with taking care of my daily activities and not being so stressed out all the time. I would say to anybody with a problem with stress or raising small kids it definitely helps make things a lot more bearable.
1345	10.0	"I have suffered from anxiety and panic disorders for all of my adult life.  When I was diagnosed with Leukemia, my level of anxiety was at at all time high, because it also caused severe bone pain.  My pain-management Doctor had some samples of Niravam. The first week I tried it, my life was changed in a huge way.  It goes to work so quickly, if most effective and the half-life of this medicine seems short, so you aren't being ""over-medicated"".  I've suggested it to others with the same disorder, but sadly, most doctors have never heard of it. I appreciate a safe, effective medication and just wish that more doctors were aware that it's more effective and no or very few side-effects, so they can benefit more patients."
1346	8.0	I started using Xanax XR about 2 yrs ago and it has been a life saver for me. I was suffering from really bad anxiety that would bring on bad panic attacks that sent me to the ER twice. My doctor started me out at 1mg once a day then she decreased it to 0.5mg about a yer ago and that's what I've been taking. I hated the way I felt for a day or two when I was brought down to 0.5mg's so that has made me too scared to even try to start weaning off of it. I can function perfectly well on this medication. 
1347	10.0	It's sad. Ever since I was a child I've had anxiety problems and it only seems to get worse with age. I've used Xanax for years to help control it, when it feels like I'm going to have a heart attack (racing heart) or I start shaking so bad I can't even think straight. Xanax worked wonders for me. Now my MD. wants to stop it. I'm on Cymbalta and unfortunately, I find it a very poor substitute. As I find it doesn't do 'The Great Job Xanax Did'. 
1348	10.0	I have been on Xanax for a few years for anxiety and panic attacks and have found Xanax to be very helpful and not as addictive as many other medications.
1349	8.0	Xanax (Alprazolam) is a good drug for anxiety and panic disorder, is wonderful while you're taking it. But I know to leave this medicine is so painful and has many unpleasant effects on the withdrawal. It works great for me.
1350	6.0	I started taking Xanax at age 20 and it was a great medicine. I had such bad panic attacks and just constant anxiety 24/7.  I started out on a low dose and within 15 mins I felt calm and fine. I got from the place of not being able to walk outside or answer the phone to being able to get married, have a job, go on vacations. Anything I wanted to do. I WAS NORMAL.  But now I'm 36 and on the highest dose 4 mg a day and about 4 1/2 years ago my horrible anxiety came back even though I'm taking it.  I can't work, drive or really go anywhere anymore.  So I guess I'd say it works but then you may build up a tolerance and then it won't work. 
1351	2.0	I was taking 4mg of Xanax almost daily for about a year. I tried to quit cold turkey by being off of them for about 4 days straight and when day 5 hit me I thought I was going to die. I couldn't sleep for the 4 days I didn't have it, constant pacing around the house, twitches like crazy and had to get some ASAP as I was out. It has been over a month now and I am slowly coming off of the Xanax. I am down to about 1mg every 2 days or so and I haven't had any additional medications. It can be done but you have to prepare yourself for it mentally and tell yourself you CAN do it. I have quit in the past and regret ever picking up the bottle again. 
1352	10.0	My doctor put me on Xanax XR 2 mg and I have never felt better anxiety wise. I take it once a day in the morning and I am good for the entire day. Since going on Xanax XR, I have only had one panic attack and that was before my dose was increased from 1 mg to 2 mg of Xanax XR. I recommend this medication to anyone with severe anxiety and panic attacks. I am currently disabled from my anxiety. I am hoping with my new medication regimen and therapy that I will eventually be able to go to college and work again. I also take regular Xanax before bed-time if my anxiety is too severe since the Xanax XR lasts me about 12 hours and I take it in the morning. I'm also on Risperdal, Paxil CR, and Propranalol for anxiety, panic disorder, OCD, and PTSD.
1353	10.0	Xanax is an excellent medicine for myself. It has prevented panic attacks and helped me through times of rough anxiety. Ativan never worked for me and Klonopin makes me drunk-like and put me in the hospital 3 times. The hospital finally said I have an allergy to Klonopin and could no longer take it. After going on Xanax, I felt so much better and relieved. I try not to take Xanax everyday, as it is not meant to be a long-term solution to anxiety and can be very addicting, so be very careful. I am on Paxil CR and Risperdal on top of Xanax for my anxiety, PTSD, panic disorder, and OCD.
1354	10.0	Xanax has really helped me relax. I have severe anxiety, depression and PTSD. I take Seroquel XR and recently my doctor switched me from Xanax to Atarax. The Atarax did not work at all. I have suffered from anxiety for years and the only thing that has been effective is Xanax. I would recommend this to anyone who has moderate to severe anxiety. It does have a high addiction rate, so be extremely careful when taking this.
1355	10.0	Of all the anxiety medicines alprazolam works the best for me.
1356	10.0	I work in retail management in the city of Philadelphia, so my nerves get worked for 12 hours straight. Xanax absolutely takes the edge off. I also use it whenever I fly, and that's a really big positive for me because I fly frequently.
1357	10.0	Excellent medicine for anxiety, depression and insomnia.
1358	10.0	"I typically dislike and try to avoid taking medications whenever possible, but with a recent anxiety diagnosis, I was convinced to at least keep some of this on hand in case I need it.  I must say that I LOVE Xanax.  It really calms me down within about 20 minutes of taking it and helps me sleep almost irrespective of what is going on, but it doesn't leave a hangover effect the next morning.  I'm currently in the phase of trying to find a more ""regular"" medication to control my anxiety/OCD (currently trying venlafaxine), as the Xanax isn't meant to be a daily thing. In the meantime, I'm still using this when I feel I need it.  Ativan and Valium don't compare."
1359	10.0	Starting on .25 dosage and has helped my anxiety enormously. Have to say that has also helped my depression as well. I got my 1st good noghts sleep in months. Helps with panic attacks as well. I think sleep depravation plays a major role in scattered thoughts and feeling of hopelessness. Once we start getting back to regular sleep patterns, we can all feel sane and less overwhelmed in our everyday lives! Good luck to all!
1360	9.0	With the death of my mom in June 2009 I immediately started having nausea and vomiting, couldn't eat, couldn't concentrate. I thought I was dying myself.  Every time I tried to go to sleep I could feel my heart beating furiously through my chest.  I wanted to die myself. My Doctor finally prescribed Xanax after a horrible episode of just trying to drive home from his office. I had to stop about 20 times because I was crying so bad. He said I was suffering from PTSD. Without Xanax I do not think I would have been able to handle all the legal paperwork that I had to do, plus work. Now in 2010 we had to close our business and have lost my job. The whole episode has started up again. I hope the increased dose will help and I can continue my life.
1361	10.0	I have been taking this medicine for a few years now and without a doubt it has changed my life.  I never had or have any side effects besides maybe a poop sweat but that also could be from my diet.  The only thing I have noticed is you definitely develop a need to take more as life goes on but if that's what I have to do to avoid those crazy attacks then so be it.
1362	10.0	Great medicine for anxiety.
1363	10.0	I think that this is one of the best medicines out there. I take 2 mg four times a day and it just seems to keep me calm and make the world a better place. I used to stress out about the smallest things now, I just go with the flow.
1364	9.0	I have chronic interstitial cystitis (not sure on spelling) also called painful bladder syndrome.  It is like a urinary tract infection times 10. I have to go to bathroom any where from every 30 minutes up to 2 times every 2 hours. So it can be a problem if I'm away from home. If I take my Xanax 0.5mg, I usually don't have to go to bathroom but once every 3 or 4 hrs and since it hurts so bad to urinate and plus I can get sleep at night with not having to go every hour. It has been such a relief.  I rate it a 9. My doctor has it written 1 or 2 every 8 hours as needed, but I try to only take it at night. I'm very cautious.
1365	10.0	My anxiety is so much under control now.
1366	10.0	This medicine has helped me greatly. It helps so much for my horrible anxiety.
1367	9.0	About 15 yrs ago I started taking Xanax. 0.25mg morning and afternoon. It worked wonders. Then the doctors put me on Paxil. I weaned myself off the Xanax, it took about 4 months. But I always have it on hand for the tough times which seem in abundance lately.  It acts quickly and has been a life saver for me.
1368	1.0	"Retired friend had tumor behind ear and severe pain problems for several years.  One medicine he was taking was alprazolam.  20 months ago he started imagining things (people digging up yard, etc.).  Doctors said he had Alzheimer's and put him in nursing home.  He did not know me.  Acted similar to my mother who has Alzheimer's.  I couldn't understand how it came on so fast.  About 3 months ago they took him off alprazolam and his memory immediately started coming back.  Last week he went home.  I visited with him yesterday and his memory was very good.  Even told his wife where they had stored something several years ago.  Doctors have no answers.  First Alzheimer's person to be ""cured"".  Still has pain pump for his pain."
1369	10.0	I was prescribed this medication in the hospital after suffering severe anxiety attacks. I was only given a couple to get me through until I see my doctor but I found out the doctors are unwilling to give you this medication. I have anxiety attacks everyday but this medication makes me stay calm so I don't suffer from these awful anxiety attacks. I feel relief and that I can go on.
1370	10.0	I think it's a great medicine but I only take it as needed since its so fast acting. 
1371	9.0	I suffer from acute anxiety and panic attacks, alprazolam has made a great change in my life. I have been on a lot of other medications for my disorders and alprazolam is the best by far, with less side effects. I am able to function better in my everyday life without the horrible side effects of the medicines I have been on. I would highly recommend alprazolam for anxiety and panic disorders.
1372	10.0	Works wonders and helps with my little social-phobia and it also helps for my depression (with Zoloft).
1373	8.0	I've tried many other non-addictive medications and none of them helped my anxiety the way Xanax does. After several other medications, (and hesitation on my part) my doctor finally prescribed me Xanax 1 mg 2-3 times daily depending on my level of anxiety that day. I ended up breaking most of the pills in half and only taking 0.5 mg usually 3x a day, and find it relieves my anxiety without the level of sleepiness a whole mg gives me. I usually only take a whole pill if I feel a panic attack coming on. But, I'll take the mild drowsiness any day over the level of constant anxiety I had prior to starting the drug, and a couple cups of coffee usually does me good. I can definitely tell when a dose starts to wear off though, some withdrawal.
1374	9.0	I recently realized I have had anxiety practically my whole life. Being thirty years old now, I really wish I had been prescribed this a long time ago. It has reduced my shaking and anxiety effects so much that I feel like a real person.  I never knew what it was like to feel calm until now.  I am very thankful for this medicine.
1375	10.0	From the first dose of 1mg of this medication on the bottle. I have not had one episode of a panic or anxiety attack, nor felt drowsy, and have been able to clearly understand and interpret the current issues in my life and the decisions and actions I will be required to make. At present take 1mg 3 times a day, with the hope of reducing this shortly.
1376	10.0	Was prescribed this by the VA after retiring from the military. Am new to it but it makes my life so much better! Have had HORRIBLE panic and anxiety attacks for years even before I knew what they were. Driving, meetings, interacting in groups, you name it. So far so good, it really helps!
1377	10.0	Completely takes away my anxiety but distorts my memory a bit.
1378	10.0	Excellent for anxiety, especially if you start with the minimum amount, 0.25 mg and only take more if needed. I say this because I was prescribed 0.5 mg 3x daily and don't need that much. Try to take the least amount and if that works don't take more since you can build up a slight tolerance over time. My only concern is will I ever be able to be off of medicine. I just wish there was a natural cure for anxiety. I hate being dependent on this.
1379	10.0	These are the best for my anxiety.
1380	10.0	My doctor prescribed medication for depression. I have tried three different kinds and had terrible side effects. I am taking Xanax occasionally when anxiety or panic occur and it works for me just great. Generic version alprazolam takes a little longer to kick in.
1381	7.0	Having suffered panic attacks and anxiety and depression for several years now, always have my Xanax with me in case of any unexpected panic attacks. I take 90mg of Avanza each night in addition to 2mg of Xanax twice a day. Xanax for me has been the only drug that has quick and fast acting results. I don't like flying or heights or crowds and avoid shopping centers but with Xanax can at least function each day and at least leave the house. Good luck to everyone else out there suffering the same. Try Xanax it works for me. Cheers.
1382	10.0	Best Pill ever made to help with all Anxiety, and no problems.
1383	9.0	I have suffered with anxiety and panic attacks for years. It got so bad I would actually be driving, pull over to the side of the road and call 911 because I thought I was having a heart attack, it was really scary. I've been on Xanax for 10 years off and on. I take 0.5mg once a day when I start feeling anxious and my insides feel out of control. It does frighten me to think I could be addicted to this medication, but on the other hand if it relieves my symptoms than I guess I need to take Xanax as needed.
1384	10.0	Less panic attacks and helps keep you relaxed and open minded. Less stress keeps you panic free and it lowers the stress at least 75% while on the Xanax compared to Lexapro and many others I tried for anxiety and depression.
1385	9.0	This drug is a life saver! Just don't abuse it.
1386	10.0	This is an exceptional medicine. I have been on it for only a couple of weeks. I have tried Seroquel, trazodone, Ambien and none of these have worked but alprazolam is a miracle medicine.
1387	10.0	Really helps with my anxiety. Don't know what I'd do without it.
1388	10.0	It works wonders. Xanax has made my life so much easier. I am on 2mg 3x a day and I feel like I'm happier and more out going. I don't know what I would do without it ...I give it** 5 *stars**.
1389	10.0	BEST medicine for my anxiety and helps me to get quality sleep. If I take one tablet I'm good for 8 hours.
1390	9.0	I have taken alprazolam for about 2 weeks now and it has really helped control my anxiety.  I had my first panic attack and then started getting them everyday and they would last all day.  For the first 3 or 4 days I had to take alprazolam every 5 hours (3 times a day).  Then I would get the panic attacks when I woke up (9 am) and then around 5pm, so then I took 2 pills a day for about 4 days.  Now I am down to one pill in the morning because I keep waking up with anxiety.  The alprazolam works in the first 20 minutess but my anxiety gets a little worse when I take it and then it gets so much better!  The downside is the bad taste, causes drowsiness, loss of appetite and weight, and is highly addictive.  Great for temporary relief!
1391	9.0	"I have been prescribed alprazolam (Xanax) and a variety of other benzodiazipines for the past ten years when I was first diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder, my dosage is 2mg 2 x daily. This was recently reduced from 2mg 3 x daily and I admit I do suffer a little but I make the best of it. The most important thing about Xanax is it is addictive and NEVER suddenly stop taking it! You could suffer from what's called a ""Benzodiazipine withdrawal seizure"". You need to taper your dose down. This is a PROPER and safe way to wean off. But overall, wonderful medicine for anxiety! "
1392	10.0	"Amazing for anxiety and panic disorders but another wonderful thing about Xanax is it will even help take the edge off of the common cold and the flu. I have carpal tunnel, arthritis and osteoporosis an it helps relax the joints and muscles just enough to get a good nights sleep. A ""wonder drug"". It does have some major downfalls also like long-term deppendency."
1393	10.0	I've tried everything. Nothing else ever worked for my anxiety, depression, sweaty palms, lack of energy, etc. I consider Xanax a miracle drug because of misuse. Many people who really need these are having a hard time obtaining them and that is just wrong. I believe if someone has a medical history of anxiety and depression they should not be denied the help they need. Nothing else works for me. I've been switched from Valium to Klonipin to Buspar Zoloft, Paxil, Lexapro, etc. only to suffer worse than before. This truly is a beneficial medicine to those who need it.
1394	3.0	It works great for panic attacks, but is horrible as you feel it wear off.  Klonopin is much better!
1395	9.0	I am prescribed Xanax 0.5 mg twice daily. At 21 yrs old and have a speech impairment due to major anxiety. Xanax helps greatly to calm me down and be able to control my nervousness. I've tried Vistaril, Buspar, Seroquel, Paxil and nothing comes close to working as well as Xanax does! It works pretty fast when real anxious and makes me to be much much more outgoing and motivated throughout the day. I'm taking 40mg Celexa with Xanax which is a wonderful combination. I'm very fidigity and uncalm, but with Xanax, I feel how I should be. While being less anxious and more outgoing, I also feel a very floaty state of mind. Xanax helps!
1396	8.0	"Works great for my anxiety attacks, but after 6 years I've gone from 0.25 mg twice a day to 1mg twice a day.  Getting ""anxious"" about what will happen when this dose stops working."
1397	9.0	I've tried everything for anxiety - which is severe ALL the time. XANAX WORKS! Only issue is the length of time it lasts; I can feel the effects almost immediately (within 20 minutes and continue to feel effects kicking in for a good hour after), but after about 3 hours, I start to have rebound anxiety from it wearing off. Be careful of tolerance though. Since I've been on it, I've had to increase 4x. I started of with 0.5mg 3x/day and am now on 1mg, 5x/day. I don't want to change that, but this seems to be a perfect. It gives me the relief I need as often as my body seems to need it. I am so grateful for this drug, as my panic is non-existent, where it hasn't been in YEARS. It's been non stop - never relief. I finally feel relief.
1398	7.0	I've been on Xanax for a little over a year and it really helps with my anxiety and depression. However, I tried to stop taking it cold turkey a few months back. . .bad idea. I had the most horrifying withdrawals ever. I thought I was going to die. So now I'm back on it, but I've developed a tolerance and an addiction, which scares me. As with most of the other reviews, I agree that it is a great drug when taken correctly. Just don't ever suddenly stop taking it. Taper off slowly.
1399	4.0	Only works slighty at a low dose. My tolerance built up to about 8mg a day. At that point nobody wanted to be near me. I was a jerk-off even though I couldn't remember anything, but was told from people around me. I was like a wrecking machine, would tell everyone off but forgot the whole night before. My friends mom said I was getting edema from that big of a dose, my ankles swelled bad. It might work for some but not for me and withdraw slowly from it, I would say go down 0.25mg every 5 days. That's what I did and had no withdrawals what-so-ever.
1400	6.0	The medicine itself I didn't have an issue with, although I still prefer Klonopin, but it was the withdrawal I couldn't handle.  I was on this medication for two months and since, like I previously mentioned, I decided to go back on Klonopin. I stopped taking the Xanax XR. When I did, I felt like a bus ran over me.  I felt shaky, drowsy and like I'd been out drinking the night before (which I haven't done in 10 years). It really wasn't worth the withdrawal.
1401	9.0	I am prescribed 0.5mg Xanax twice a day as needed.  It works very well for me when I have high anxiety.  I have no side effects at all from this drug, I don't even get sleepy with it, I just feel calmer.  I have taken a variety of benzodiazepines for years, and I have never had a problem with an addiction to any of them (and I have a history of drug abuse).  I would just say to take as needed and at the correct dose, and don't take continuously for a long time, and you should do good with Xanax. 
1402	8.0	I am a 19 year old male prescribed to a 0.5mg dosage of Xanax to be taken twice daily. Depending on my spouts of anxiety or an occasional panic attack, I either take one or a half of one to calm my state of mind. I try to just take a half of one because this medication can be addicting. I noticed these effects and feelings right after my first intake. It does indeed help suppress my anxiety and panic attacks. Due to the addiction prone aspects I'm giving it an 8.
1403	10.0	I was the caregiver for 2 family members from 1997 to 2008.  I had the first full-blown stress panic attack in 2005.  Xanax was one of my medications and in 6 months, I was off drugs.  I have no regrets for those 11 years, but thought I was finally free to live my life.  However, I was wrong.  I now have continuous anxiety if I don't take 0.25 mg Xanax in the morning and evening.  I also have very high blood pressure to which a solution has not been found.  Xanax does lower it and I couldn't keep my sanity without it.  I have had no negative side effects, only positive.
1404	6.0	I had 2 panic attacks in my entire life. I went to a Doctor and was given Xanax at half mg to take immediately and 6 hrs later. It worked and I thought I would keep some handy for any possible future attacks. He prescribed 0.25mg pills 3 times a day. I looked it up on the internet and didn't like the information on addiction. I went to my Doctor when I got back home and he prescribed Ativan. I believe Xanax should be used only when having a panic attack and not as a maintenance drug.
1405	9.0	"I was prescribed 0.25mg of Xanax for my hyper-anxiety and panic attacks.  As a 200lb man I needed a 0.5mg dose.  Xanax really solves panic attacks well, and noticeably helps with my anxiety.  It makes it much easier to fall asleep which is great at bedtime, but can be a real problem in the morning.  Reading ""Feeling Good"" by Dr. David Burns also really helped treat the thoughts that led to panic and anxiety."
1406	10.0	This works GREAT! I would recommend it to anyone. I love how I have to keep taking Xanax throughout the day. I've been taking it for 3 months now.
1407	10.0	"I use Xanax (1mg) for anxiety and panic disorder. This medicine has been the only drug that has brought relief to to my constant anxiety. I don't know where I'd be without it. I take the use of this drug very seriously and don't abuse it. I use it only when needed for panic or when anxiety is so intense I simply can't tolerate it any longer. When used properly this drug is safe and you will not become addicted. It's very fast acting (15 min) which is important when a panic attack hits. Side effects are minimal for me. I get the ""jelly legs"" and that's about it. It's never made me stumble or fall though. The generic version isn't quite as good as the real stuff, but if you must use generic, the round blue tabs are better than the oval ones."
1408	10.0	I found that Xanax is the only thing that can calm my panic disorder. I take 4mg a day and I have not had an attack in about 3 months.
1409	9.0	I personally truly enjoy the fact that while my anxieties are prominent; the Xanax provides me with the security to take a deep breath and if things become too overwhelming I have the option of taking it when needed.
1410	10.0	This is the only medication that makes me able to focus and stop obsessing on things I can't control and makes me able to be productive and active.
1411	6.0	"I was switched onto this drug after taking lorazepam (Ativan) which I was very happy with and had almost no side effects with. I started taking it combined with Effexor, and it was horrible. I would take it, pass out for an hour, and wake up feeling the same as before. I could see how it would be good for a panic attack, but for general anxiety it is not very good. If you are on a constant dose, you will be taking them about 3 to 4 times a day which is too much to keep up with.

I also found much more intense effects from this drug, which I consider dangerous because I don't want to get addicted to them.

I think the drug is good for anxiety attacks, but for general anxieties I would ask for lorazepam or klonopin."
1412	10.0	I have been diagnosed with both Dysautonomia and GAD. I cannot take SSRI's as they throw me into an extreme panic state starting with pill one. I finally gave in and accepted Xanax from my doctor. My dosage is 0.05 3 times a day. I never take the prescribed dose but rather 1/2 pill in the morning, daytime if needed and I rarely take at night. My life has done a complete turnaround. I have energy again, I'm not so tense, snappy or experiencing the extreme anxiety that would peak at around 2pm. I'm careful to take as I need, and while doctors may not like prescribing it, the truth is many of us will be on medication forever. I've found something that doesn't feel like medication, I just feel like me.
1413	10.0	Great.
1414	10.0	After years of talk down therapy, I reached a breaking point. A Doc gave me Xanax and it was a miracle. I was able to go to stores and travel on airlines without Panic Attacks. I have been on Xanax since 1999, .25 Mg before bedtime. This has given me my life back. I do take more for long flights where I spend 12 to 24 hours inside the airline system. I started on .25 Mg daily and 10 years later still use the same amount. If I miss a dose more than a day, I get antsy, then clammy skin and finally unjustified panic attack on 3rd or 4th day. This is well expected and acceptable response to quitting abruptly. Doc has been up front about me using this or some other drug for the rest of my life. It is well worth it.
1415	9.0	Hey, I think alprazolam is the only solution for severe anxiety. My life was a living hell before it. Eventually it came to be the saving factor in my relationship. Thanks
1416	9.0	Xanax is the best anxiety medication that I have taken over the past several years. I have been prescribed at least ten or more different medicines and some work to an extent but none are near as effective than Xanax. Xanax has truly been a lifesaver (hands down) for my anxiety and panic attacks.
1417	10.0	This medicine saved my life after my mother died and shortly after my daughters father was killed. It helped me relax and I was a lot easier to take it day by day. A great alternative to alcohol.
1418	10.0	I use Xanax occasionally as required. I feel relaxed in real sense, feel increase in mental abilities, sleep well and when I wake up I'm in a very fresh mood.
1419	10.0	Very good for anxiety and I think it helps for depression.
1420	10.0	It is a good  medicine. I often find that it helps me even more because I do not have to take it everyday.
1421	10.0	This is the medication I never knew I've always needed. I've had sleep disorders and mood disorders all my life. I went to my family doctor and asked to try Xanax to help me sleep. I have a huge problem with anxiety when I'm going to sleep. I wasn't aware it was anxiety until I took it. I've had some cases since I've taken it when I was almost having a random panic attack. Whenever I take Alprazolam almost instantly I feel balanced again and normal. It's amazing.
1422	8.0	I am a recovering alcoholic, now 23 years sober but have had to relent and begin taking alprazolam for general ongoing mild anxiety which affects my sleeping which in the past had been very normal. I take one half of an oval pill and then one half of an Ambien for sleep and it has worked great. No side effects. Of course I am concerned about addiction but I am against the wall on a remedy and I am committed to a limit on my alprazolam and Ambien.
1423	10.0	I was prescribed this by my doctor as a fast acting release from anxiety attacks. It helped me come off all medications for my anxiety disorder, now I only take Niravam when I'm having a bad anxiety attack, which is now very rare!
1424	8.0	I have a disorder called RSD/CRPS one of the things this has affected is my hearing and sensitivity to movement so when I have to get in a large crowd or noisy environment like an airport I can take one of these and it dramatically helps since I never know when I will be in a situation like that. It is nice to be able to take a quick acting medicine to help. It does a great job
1425	1.0	"Xanax was a God send when I was in a terrible car accident and lost my best friend. I knew that it was a controlled substance, so that made me wearly. I recently got into a relationship, and my boyfriends whole family is highly addicted to Xanax. They are prescribed them, buy them off the street, and so on. They fight each other for ""bars"" and pay a fortune for them. The family is a complete wreck. family members had forgotten important things, like family matters, misplacing wallets, purses etc... even getting into car accidents while they're on them. They helped me when I took them as prescribed, but seeing how my boyfriends family act while on the drug, I would be careful."
1426	10.0	Found the brand name was by far more effective than generic alprazolam. I find typically I do much better with brand names than generics, depending on your co pays I'd go for the brand names, the difference in my insurance is generics are 3 and brand is 6 so it's a world of a difference to me. I felt or 'thought' the Xanax wasn't working, but realized I was on generic alprazolam and switched it, it was like night and day.
1427	6.0	"I have been on Alprazolam for 10 years for panic disorder and anxiety.  I am still on the same dosage that I was ten years ago and I am definitely sure that drug companies differ in their drug production.   Whenever I pick up a prescription and the pharmacy tells me it's ""just a different company"", the red flag goes up.  The oval shaped 1 mg. tablet just does not work as well at the round 1 mg. tablet."
1428	9.0	I just started using Alprazolam a day ago. Slept like a baby!
1429	10.0	Medication works fast - I received instant results. Amazing. If I only knew before, I could have experienced less miserable days.
1430	9.0	This is the best I have found.
1431	10.0	They are a huge help, I have post-traumatic stress disorder, anxiety, and agoraphobia and if I didn't have Xanax don't think I could go out of the house. I also have seizures and take Topamax. Everything got worse when my libido passed! Now I can do the things I used to do!
1432	10.0	I had anxiety so bad from work I felt like I was going to have a heart attack. I didn't take it until I got home from work because it made me sleep. I was on it for 6 weeks and I noticed I had an addiction to it. I was hurrying home after work to take it (no, really doctor, I can stop it any time I want to). My doctor said to stop taking it. I was awake for 3 days but I did it. I know now that I needed to reduce it a little at a time because I had been taking a high dose for a while. It's a life saver for bad anxiety, just watch the dosage and be careful about how long you are taking it. If you keep those 2 things in mind it's the best anti-anxiety medicine.
1433	10.0	I always suffered from MAJOR test anxiety during high school and college.  When I returned to school to get my Masters, I knew that the level of anxiety I would get before an exam couldn't be healthly.  I was getting panic attacks.  Finally I felt comfortable enough to ask the doctor for help.  I only have major anxiety before an exam and this medication really helps me.  I do not use it every day, only when my anxiety is peaking. Great for moderate use.
1434	10.0	I just started using alprazolam for 3 weeks. From my mid teens years I have had nervous stomach symptoms which lead to multiple bowel movements a day, including sweating and numbing hands. Uncontrolled shaking of my feet or tapping on surfaces with hands. Because very little was know; my teachers would make me sit on my hands to control my twitches. I%u2019m now 50 years old, married for 25 years and still having panic disorders till this medication was started. Flying, small confided areas, in tight areas with many people, lack of bathrooms and just not being in control of my environment, would trigger an attack. I was embarrassed and covered my symptoms.  0.25mg of Alprazolam has helped me concentrate and control my racing thoughts. I feel in control and at peace in the most stressful situations. I thought not using it on the weekends would be okay, NOT SO, heart rate, numbing hands, trembling muscles and waking up in the middle of the night with racing thoughts were the outcome.  You%u2019re never too old to start this medication given your doctors approval.
1435	10.0	The fastest acting anti anxiety medication I've ever been prescribed, and by far the most effective.  The anxiety I experienced prior to medication was crippling, I would stay in bed all day and not want to leave my house to go to school, or anything that involved other social interaction.  This medicine got me up, happy, and willing/wanting to do the things I could not do before.  However, through prolonged use of this medication I have as a result become addicted, as when I do not receive my scheduled dose I feel withdrawals.  Overall - this medication has done so many good things for me I would be content taking this until the end of time, for the pros outweigh the cons, tenfold.
1436	1.0	It made me tired and didn't relieve my anxiety.
1437	10.0	I suffer from anxiety to the point where I am scared of things. It was so bad I wanted to pull my hair out. I was adopted when I was just a few days old, My mother ( who adopted me) died when I was 16. Life just seemed so hard for me. I was prescribed Klonopin and Ativan before Xanax, now I take Xanax and Concerta together and it really has changed my life. I work two jobs and go to college. I have become a superstar at work, winning contests and getting along with everyone, I rate this drug a 10 it is incredible!
1438	10.0	The best
1439	10.0	"I really can't say enough about how good this medicine is for my condition. I have tried many other types of medicines out there for anxiety and panic disorder: such as Zoloft, Paxil, Effexor and Buspar. None of them came close to helping me. Xanax does the trick for me and even though I am prescribed the 1mg pills it only takes a half of one to make me feel ""normal"" again.  A "
1440	10.0	I have had severe panic attacks all my life. I don't even know how to explain what this makes you fell like, it's like you can't catch your breath, your hands start to go numb. My head goes numb. Then I felt like I am going to pass out or am having a stroke. I have nothing but a positive experience with this medicine and I have tried other's. They didn't work. I have never had any side effects with Xanax. So 1-10 its a 10, but take only as prescibed.
1441	10.0	I think xanax really helps me with my panic attacks and anxiety, and would recommend it for anyone with similar issues.
1442	10.0	Helps with anxiety faster than any other benzodiazepine.
1443	9.0	This medicine has helped me with my social anxiety tremendously. Before, I would sit at home on the computer all the time, too afraid to really do anything. I skipped school all the time because I was too nervous. Now I'm going to college, making friends, etc. I still get nervous, but not nearly as bad as it once was. This medicine helps me live.
1444	8.0	I have found them to do the job for me so far.
1445	4.0	Xanax worked wonders for my anxiety. Next thing I know, I only ate one meal every four days and lost 15 pounds in two weeks. Withdrawal is the worst. I vomited for seven weeks straight and at least twice a day. I've been clean for two months I still don't sleep until five/six in the morning. I have slight muscle tremors. Prescriptions must be monitored extremely carefully.
1446	10.0	Love it. It made me really relaxed/calm and still able to do my work.
1447	10.0	Alprazolam has allowed me to regain my social life. I was imprisoned in my own home by anxiety attacks, not able to spontaneously go out for a meal, a movie, etc. Now I can go out and not worry about having an anxiety attack. It has literally changed my life, and I am very thankful for it.
1448	10.0	I have cancer and this drug takes my mind of death and is a great sleep aid.
1449	9.0	When I start to pace around the room, swimming in my non-stop traffic of thoughts I know I need to take my Xanax, it calms me and I even stopped smoking out of anxiety.
1450	10.0	I have been on Xanax for about 3 years and I used to have really bad panic attacks but I don't now. The only problem I have with them is that they have made me gain a ton of weight.
1451	10.0	Have been taking for a few months now with great results. Little dosage changing. I tried SSRI's and other medications without much luck other than feeling down or drained. Used Trazadone for sleep, I was living like a zombie. With Xanax the sedation wore off after roughly 5-10 days which was the only thing I can complain off. I have been doing better at school, less worrisome tics, better sleep instead of waking up screaming. Longer acting was better for me than a rollercoaster ride of taking a lorazapam or xanax (same dose worked wonderfully for 6 years) and now I just found that this time of my life, I needed something long-acting that I wouldn't have to think about my anxiety or worry about it anymore.
1452	10.0	A great medication to use without it being addictive.
1453	7.0	I found Xanax to be the only thing to help me.
1454	10.0	Just about the safest drug you can take. Don't drink on it and you'll be fine, that anxiety will be a thing of the past and you should sleep nicely too.
1455	10.0	I have used Xanax for the past 15 years for moderate to severe panic and or anxiety attacks. Were it not for this drug, I am not sure what I would have done. It was and still is a God send. I only use it as needed as opposed to daily use. Two downsides are that it makes me drowsy and if I drink alcohol when I have taken it, I get very testy.  Don't drink and drive and don't drive while on Xanax.
1456	10.0	Xanax is the best medicine. I was dizzy for two months straight. I felt like I was on a boat and couldn't get off. My whole life was just a mess between working full time, school, personal life until I found Xanax. I am on 0.5mg twice a day and I have my life back. I can tolerate people again. This is the wonder drug. Other than being a little more tired than normal, which I will suffer through because it is better than biting people's heads off every chance I got.
1457	8.0	"I mostly used Xanax when I had an altercation (verbal) with my girlfriend. She would over-react, and as a result I would get so charged up that I couldn't switch back to normal. Taking Xanax eased my nerves so that I could ""start new"" with the conversation. Very powerful though and lasts a long time. I took doses of 0.25mg (I'm 115 lbs). If semi-anxious, doses made me very tired. I blacked-out for parts of a night when taking 1mg. Memories of stuff that happened, felt like memories of dreams. Also cancels out ADHD stimulant medications."
1458	8.0	This medication works well for my anxiety. I feel very relaxed and calm but I find it highly addictive. Sometimes I have memory loss and when I try to wean off of it my anxiety worsens and I go through withdrawal similar to a hangover.
1459	10.0	Have been suffering from anxiety and recently have been having panic attacks. I started Zoloft about a week ago, but am using Xanax in the meantime for short-term relief. The pill is amazing, and calms me down within about 20 minutes. Such a wonderful drug.
1460	10.0	Wonderful drug.
1461	10.0	This drug helps with anxiety so much. I'm taking 0.5mg only when I need it. It works great.
1462	2.0	Xanax made me crazy. I am now in the process of weaning off of it. You cannot stop Xanax cold turkey. It'll be another two weeks before I'm done.
1463	10.0	Work's great for me. At the beginning of the treatment I did have some sleepiness, but now I'm doing GREAT. I didn't think that this medicine was going to change my life. I suffered from anxiety for year's, but now I can enjoy life.
1464	9.0	Xanax has probably helped keep me alive and breathing over the last two years.  The toll of being a military wife, mom, full-time worker, etc. had me so stressed out that I began to procrastinate on EVERYTHING because I couldn't emotionally handle things like paying bills, running errands, etc.  I only take 0.5mg of Xanax as needed, but just knowing it's in my purse helps me keep my busy life moving ahead.  Combined with Zoloft for depression and Ambien for insomnia, I finally feel like a normal person.  I feel sorry for the woman I used to be, but I'm so happy to be myself now.
1465	10.0	Xanax is the most effective non-habit forming medication for me.  I have severe general anxiety disorder.
1466	10.0	Insomnia - I only use this at night about twice a week and alternate with Ambien.  This works GREAT.  I have tried every natural herb there is and absolutely nothing works apart from Ambien and Alprazolam.  No side effects and I feel great in the morning.  Never need it during the day.
1467	9.0	Alprazolam really works I have had anxiety attacks and headaches. This has helped me so much. Now I take 0.5mg a day and feel so much better.
1468	9.0	I take 0.5 mg as needed when I have an occasional anxiety attack
1469	9.0	GREAT for anxiety. The ONLY problem I've had is after taking it regularly, when I try to reduce the dosage or frequency, my anxiety increases.
1470	9.0	This is amazing for anxiety / panic attacks. I could nt be without this for when my anxiety levels peak. Its the onlt thing that works that brings me back down some bit and relaxes me. It really is a god send for anxiety / panic. I am taking this 2 years now but only take it when I really need it. Would highly highly highly recommend this. Its just brillant and side effects are non existent as far as I am concerned. I take the 250mg dose which is a white tab
1471	9.0	Prescibed Xanax for my anxiety and panic disorder.  This drug is a God send for me as I take it along with BuSpar and only when those escalating anxiety and panic monsters show their faces.  It is fast acting and will help to prevent you from going to the full blown attack.  The downsides is that the doctors do not like to write the scripts for this.
1472	5.0	Xanax helps with my condition
1473	8.0	I love this drug. It's the only one that really works.
1474	10.0	It is very helpful.
1475	10.0	I was 61 before experiencing anxiety.  It happened when I quit smoking (2 packs a day).  If I smoked, the anxiety stopped.  I wanted to quit smoking very badly.  I quit 5 months ago. I take 1/2 dose of Alprazolam as needed, usually twice a day.  No side effects.  I could not have quit smoking without it.  Hopefully, I can wean off the alprazolam gradually over time.
1476	10.0	This drug is just about the best thing that ever happened to me.  Without it my panic attacks would have crippled me totally by now.  I feel panic coming on, take a pill, and I am so very calm within minutes. No side effects and the best part is you don't have to take it regularly. Taken like an aspirin for a headache and works great. 
1477	10.0	You need to find the right dose - too much can definitely make you sleepy, but the correct amount will increase your productivity (if you suffer from anxiety).
1478	9.0	If it is taken as your Doctor says then it is a really effective in treating anxiety.
1479	9.0	Works very well for anxiety. Stay far away from any alcohol consumption while taking this medicine.
1480	10.0	During the recession of the early 90's I took this drug for a period of about 2 months to combat anxiety. The doctor first tried prozac but that didn't work for me at all. As soon as I started taking Xanax I began to feel better. I was able to put worrying thoughts into perspective. I highly recommend it.
1481	10.0	Very good medication for panic attacks and severe anxiety. Works fast.
1482	10.0	Xanax is a miracle for me. I can't live without it. It is not addicting. I never experienced withdrawl symptoms either. I am usually tense, high strung and anxious. Xanax makes me happy, easy going, talkative, calm. It helps me sleep, I can't sleep without it. I take zoloft and seroquel but without xanax nothing seems to work or help me. I love xanax and I take it daily or else I really just can't get through the day. I have anger and a short fuse and bad temper and xanax calms my storms. Xanax is the only thing that works for me and makes me sane and able to face life head on.
1483	10.0	I don't have panic or depression problems. I have sleeping problems. I fall asleep fine, but wake up around 2 AM and cannot go back to sleep because my mind is too active thinking about stupid stuff like movies, lawn mowers, hunting, visiting my grandkids, working on my car, music, planned projects, football, YOU NAME IT. I take Xanax when I wake up earky and can't sleep. Xanax makes me go back to sleep almost immediately and I wake up around 6 AM feeling great. I have not noted any side effects, but I take it only when needed.
1484	10.0	My anxiety gave me depersonalization. Whenever I take xanax it clears right up for me, especially if I run out of Klonopin. It's a great back up that helps me when that sudden feeling of panic creeps up on me.
1485	3.0	Tend to have dreams while on this drug.
1486	10.0	It helped.
1487	10.0	After taking this medication I feel very tranquil. I am an easy going person when I take it. I am calm and I don't have that high feeling I hate. I am coherent but calm. No one really bothers me. It's a miracle because before I used it my husband used to get on my nerves, my kids would get under my skin at the grocery market. I wanted to knock out someone but now I am a nice calm person that can be approached and even has fun.
1488	10.0	This is the best. I've tried it and I have been on almost all the others.
1489	10.0	There is not a better drug than xanax for my anxiety.  I love it!  Thanks to this drug I can do simple things like go to my kids schools with out going into a panic attack!
1490	10.0	I have tried it all;this works so wonderful. I have my life back.
1491	9.0	AnnetAndre9
1492	10.0	Xanax has helped me tremedously,  I do not suffer from any of the side effects that are listed.  Since being on this drug for my anxiety, I have been given part of my life back. I didn't like to be in crowds of people or go to social events and since I am on this medicine I no longer suffer from these anxieties.
1493	10.0	Xanax is the only thing that works for me.
1494	10.0	This medicine is great. I instantly start feeling calm from head to toe. I like the fact that I don't have to wait 30 minutes or so for it to kick in. I would recommend this to anyone that needs to have a day life. I also like that I can take it and still function at work.
1495	10.0	This medicine works great for me.
1496	10.0	I used to be prescribed this drug when I was about 17. I was taken off it because the doctors said it can be addicting. It really helped me get through my panic attacks. They switched me to Xanax. I'm just on paxil now. My father takes alprazolam once a day and it helps him, along with therapy.
1497	8.0	This drug works wonders on most people including myself.  It calmed my panic, it helped my depression and helped me see life for what it is instead of worrying about every little problem.  
1498	8.0	One of the best benzodiazepines I have taken.
1499	10.0	Excellent. I don't know what I would do without it. I love it.
1500	9.0	I have generalized anxiety. Was on Klonopin for years mostly for sleep, but now I realize I have anxiety. I wanted so much off of benzo's, and finally after horrid withdrawal even tapering, got off Klonopin. Issues arose, heart palpitations, sweating, dry mouth, hair loss, everyone said back on Klonopin. I refused. Now my blood pressure also elevated.I am now taking xanax extended release and my blood pressure is normal, mouth not dry, no more sweating, palpitations.I feel normal again.
1501	10.0	A must for anyone with panic attacks.  Works fast, gives you your life back.
1502	10.0	I used to get very aggravated over what normal people handle. I would go off. Have panic attacks and not know how to deal. Plus, I have tremors in my hands, mostly my right. Once I started taking Xanax the tremors stopped, I could deal calmly with my children when they got out of control. It helps me concentrate easier during the day &amp; sleep well @ nite. It can have side affects though if you don't take it properly! Take it as prescribed and don't make yourself go through the withdrawals.
1503	9.0	It makes me mellow.
1504	9.0	This drug saved my life. I have suffered from Anxiety and Depression for almost 10 years, could not find a better dose to easy my anxiety, the worst instant was that I could not sleep continually for more than 4 weeks, I was close to a nervous breakdown situation until I found my GP to bring me this medicine. Amazing result, now after taking for 6 months, I can sleep 4-5 days a week, though still need time to fully recover. Recommend to all who suffer from depression and can not calm yourself down.
1505	10.0	This drug has changed my life. I have always had an anxiety problem since I was a child. Didn't have a good childhood, got picked on because I was fat, etc. My parents always faught and everything would just worry me. Some nights I couldn't sleep. I've been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks for so long. I feel like people are talking bad about me. I used to get paranoid and get really anxious in public and had social pobia. I can cope with everything now.
1506	7.0	I have agraphobia (social disorder) I was confinde to my home to scared to get in a situation I couldnt get out of. My fiance was always trying to get me out of the house. He just didnt understand. I started xanax and it saved my life Now im in college and Im not scared to go out. I take the blue one twice a day.
1507	10.0	I have been taking Niravam for over 2 years now. This is by far the most efective treatment for anxiety/ panic attacks that I have tried. However, I am also on Lexapro, Effexor, and Cymbalta which also help combat anxiety by adjusting neurotransmiters in order to decrease the frequency of attacks. Deffinately a great med for those who truly need it!
1508	9.0	It works really well.
1509	10.0	helps me very well with my condition.
1510	10.0	the 1mg xanax made my life easyer to live. before i thought everyone was talkin about me and couldnt sleep but now im the life of the party
1511	10.0	This drug works well for anxiety and anxiety attacks.  Sometimes it doesn't work quickly enough for me, but there really isn't a more fast acting drug in pill form that I'm aware of.
1512	9.0	calms you down instantly
1513	10.0	Xanax has helped me tremendously, I was having severe anxiety attacks real bad! My doctor at the time worked next door with in the same buliding/office, and he had witnessed my attacks and finally prescribed me just 1 mg Xanax, and he told me to take 1 half in the morning and 1 half at evening. It took a while but finally I was attack free. I feel like I can live my life now!
1514	7.0	I wish doctors would open their eyes and prescribe this medicine easier.  Just because I panic easily doesn't mean I'm a psychotic.  Docs, lighten up!  I need them!
1515	10.0	I’ve been on 0.50mg Ativan for anxiety and insomnia for 10 plus years . It really calms me down and takes the edge off. I sleep through the night and wake up refreshed.  I can’t imagine not having it on hand. There are weeks I go without it , but it’s nice to have it at hands reach .  I recommend Ativan.
1516	10.0	Have had depression and anxiety for most of my 65 years.  I have been treated for depression and am now on bupropion 300mg/daily.  It does not help with my anxiety which includes muscle stiffness and all over pain.  After my husband died and left a bottle of Ativan, a script he had been on for years, I started taking 1mg in the morning and at night.  I was amazed at the relief I received.  I've used Ativan many times in the past but no doctor will give it to me on a long term basis sighting addiction.  My husband took it daily for years.  Why am I not able to get a long term prescription? Ativan is a lifesaver for me, eliminates the muscle stiffness and pain and gives me energy. Doctors need to understand that patients know what helps their issues and allow them the medication needed in order to have quality of life, which I don't have right now.
1517	10.0	Helps with calming for panic attacks. Very fast and effective. Only side effect for me was drowsiness.
1518	10.0	This pill has been my safety net for my severe  anxiety attacks, panic attacks and ADHD. I have been taking this pill off and on for 6 years and have never been addicted to it. I take 0.5 during the day and it actually makes me feel like myself and sometimes even gives me more energy this pill has been a true life saver
1519	6.0	"This med was prescribed to me last year after my anxiety (&amp; BPD) got really bad after steroid knee injections. At that time, I'd only needed 4-5 doses but was prescribed enough for 30, so I saved the rest for ""emergency"" situations (times like now). It seems to be helpful for the chronic anxiety &amp; chronic insomnia I've been experiencing related to my various chronic pain conditions. Some negative things I've noticed with it are it makes my brain/pain fog worse, it increases/worsens some BPD symptoms &amp; it makes my fibromyalgia &amp; osteoarthritis knee pain worse. Otherwise, it's a pretty good medication."
1520	8.0	I recently developed panic attacks and anxiety , just thinking about anxiety makes you anxious.. at least for me. I was just prescribed 0.5 Ativan and 10 mg Lexapro for anxiety. I hope it works..I used to be on celexa but never really did much for me tbh. I'm hoping the withdrawals aren't bad.
1521	10.0	Works well in reducing severe chronic anxiety. When you start treatment, request a system where you can skip the med at least 1-2 days a week. Intermittent dosing allows you to keep track of the underlying anxiety condition,  and improves long-term efficacy. If you take the med without a break for years you can forget how unbearable chronic anxiety actually is, with intermittent dosing the benefits and drawbacks of being medicated vs unmedicated are very clear.
1522	10.0	I was in a traumatic car accident. I ended up with severe anxiety. I ended getting panic attacks also. Thought I was going to die. Never took any anxiety pills before this accident. Now I'm taking Lorazepam - Ativan this works great for me. Oh my goodness! I'm reading the reviews. Everyone is different. Some works for some and some won't. It's a 50/50 chance like any drug. It depends on the severity of your diagnosis and how well your body can adapt to it. All depends. I can tell you this. It works for me. For now. My mom took it for 15 yrs. She's 64yrs old. It works great for her. Anyone taking this should walk, exercise or so a hobby you like. Sauna always helps. Anything relaxing helps. It decreases your anxiety and remember counselling or going to a support group helps. 
1523	10.0	I would not survive without being able to take this drug.
1524	8.0	Prescribed by G.P. for anxiety 4mg. A day approximately 10 years ago, along with Zopiclone for 15 mg. for insomnia.  I started to abuse both about 2 years ago.  Sitting in a Treatment Centre for Drug Addicts, while I type this.  Do not take Ativan or Zopiclone, easy to become addicted to both.  Went through Hell detoxing and it took 19 days to get off the Ativan.  There are better medications out there for you.
1525	10.0	Have taken ativan on and off ..more on than off for 24 years.  I have quit it for life and having terrible withdrawal symptoms.  Hot, cold, blurred vision memory loss. Please do take this medication.
1526	6.0	I was prescribed ativan I mg every 4 to 6 hours approximately 6 years ago. This was given to me by my primary care physician as I was randomly shaking and feeling sick without provocation. I am so confused by this drug. You see the withdrawals are the same as the symptoms it was prescribed for. I fear I am addicted to it. I work everyday and am a functional person, could I be addicted to this med? I try to wean off but it doesn't work. I feel dizzy sick and shaky every time I try. This is an awful feeling. I wish I never needed it.
1527	5.0	Be careful with this sneaky drug at first it works great but very quickly I mean  within days it is highly addictive before you know it you’ll be using it daily and withdrawal syndrome associated with benzo’s is horrible. Use with caution
1528	6.0	Helps for my insomnia better then it does for my anxiety. But I have Klonopin and Xanax for my many panic and forms of anxiety.
1529	9.0	I was prescribed Ativan for panic attacks due to anxiety, and it has worked wonderfully well. After trying many different antidepressants and seeing no results, my doctor prescribed me 1mg Ativan for use as needed. As soon as I feel a panic attack coming on, I take a tablet - within 10 minutes, I start to feel calm, safe and relaxed. It’s a tremendously useful “emergency stop” button for panic attacks. The idea of having a medication that can stop a panic attach should one come on allows me to feel safe and relaxed throughout the day.
1530	10.0	I have had various SSRI's and etc - nothing worked. Just gone on 2.5mg ativan and feel it has saved my life. Seems I had crippling anxiety without being aware of it, as no panic attacks etc. So there are some people with bad experiences,  but do not generalise.
1531	10.0	I had a nervous breakdown last year. Thought death was imminent and I would go to hell. My psychiatric CNP would not prescribe benzos. I was completely terrified, like a 2 month long panic attack. Went to the ER twice. They gave me ativan and I felt blissful relief.  Right back to the terror the next day.  I have a prescribing psychologist now who would give it to me if I needed it. But finally got prescribed clonazepam. It was okay but not nearly as good as the ativan. I used it for a while until the morbid dread subsided, had no rebound problems. Maybe if I took it for months on end I would. But nothing but benzos worked for me.
1532	2.0	Makes me more anxious. Higher doses are worse.
1533	7.0	For immediate relief this drug is great. I take 0.5mg when I absolutely need it (2-3x every couple months.) but only reason I wouldn't give it a 9 or 10 because I did have a bad experience with this drug. I took it for 7 days straight 3x .5mg per day as prescribed by my doctor for generalized anxiety disorder. I abruptly stopped taking it because I didn't want to have to take it everyday and I ended up going thru a withdraw. I then got vertigo for a couple months, which was absolutely terrible. BUT I think it you use this drug responsibly and do NOT take it multiple days in a row it can definitely come in handy. I also have high blood pressure caused by anxiety, and usually get effective relief after about 30 minutes. Hang in there!
1534	10.0	"So with my Schizoaffective disorder, in the mornings I get moody and grumpy and little stressed, so I take 1 mg before going to work and in 30 minutes exactly magic happens and I feel relaxed and calm which leads to better communication at work since I'm a peer support worker.
works great 10/10"
1535	10.0	I forgot how well this stuff works. I've been using Ativan every so often for six years. I hadn't taken it in ages but had a panic attack tonight and I feel really good now after taking it. I know when my anxiety was a lot worse, it didn't bring me down to 0 anxiety but took the edge off. At one point in the past I was taking it pretty much daily but never became dependent on it (I only take the 0.5mg dose). I do feel kind of sleepy, but pleasantly so. In my experience the sublingual (under the tongue) type works a lot better than the normal swallowed pills.
1536	10.0	If I take 3mg's this works very well for anxiety and it works quickly, the only thing is it usually also makes me sleepy so I try to only take it when I know I can go take a nap if need be, other than that no complaints.
1537	9.0	"I'd been having problems with insomnia and anxiety, both conditions feeding off each other and making the other worse and creating mild depression. My GP prescribed 0.5mg to be taken at bed time as needed, to be increased to 1mg if needed (only gave me 14 tablets as they are habit forming). Amazing results! I slept through the night and woke feeling calm and NORMAL for the whole next day AND the day after! I've taken 3 doses in the last 11 days, and took 1mg after a particularly stressful day with the same good results. No side effects of note except for a very mild headache 24 hours after the first dose. 

I'm expecting to have a decreased need for these after starting a new job in the next week but so happy to have them to get me through."
1538	1.0	You would have to be crazy to take Ativan.  I took 1-2 mg 2x a day for 6 months and had withdrawal symptoms for almost 4 years after stopping over a 2 week period per my doctor. If you think your life is bad before taking Ativan just wait until you experience the withdrawal and after effects of this poison.  After 2 years still had vibrating hyper sensitive vision and hearing .  Burning in your nerves especially in your feet.  Forget sleep all you do is lie in bed awake for me almost 2 years dreaming while awake.  That part was the most torturous part of the med.  The FDA needs to remove Ativan from FDA approval immediately.
1539	2.0	Used at a funeral, supposed to take 0.5mgs, did not work at all.  Took another, and another, and another.  Maybe my doctor sucks, or maybe Ativan sucks.  Do yourself a favor and get some Xanax if needed for occasional anxiety.
1540	2.0	"I've been using ativan for anxiety and insomnia for the last 5 or so years.  Lately I have been having side effects after taking only 1-2 pills at night for sleep.  It does help me fall asleep but the next day I wake up nauseous.  And I'm nauseous all day.  Another weird side effect that it seems no one else has experienced is that my skin feels weird, like my fingers feel like there is a coating on them...It's hard to describe but it happens every time I take ativans.
I get no side effects like this from valium or xanax.  I hope my doctor will switch for me."
1541	10.0	At the age of 29, I've developed anxiety and it's gotten progressively worse, with me ending up in the ER for what I thought was a panic attack. After evaluating me, the doctor confirmed I'd had a panic attack and had the nurse give me an Ativan. I came to to the ER in tears, unable to control my breathing, feeling suffocated, body tingling, nauseous, face numb, the whole 9 yards. After taking the Ativan, I was feeling completely back to normal within 15 minutes, I could not believe it! They gave me a short prescription for it until I can follow up with my health care provider and it really is such a miracle drug that really calms the anxiety, allows you to think clearly, and feel relaxed.
1542	1.0	"I was prescribed this a few months ago getting anxiety while driving. The prescription is '0.5 mg once a day as needed."" I have taken it about 3-5 times a week, a few times I have taken it twice a day. I have been having family issues recently, and I first thought that was the reason my occasional anxiety has progressed to debilitating (flying off the handle, depressive dying thoughts, chest pains) but  after research I've concluded that I'm actually going through withdrawal when I don't take it everyday. Now it's 2:36 AM, I'm scared, mind won't shut off,  don't know how to wean off of this properly. I'm  tired, will be calling into work in the morning for lack of sleep. Please do not take this and just get counselling for your anxiety first"
1543	10.0	I am a nervous flyer and my anxiety has been getting particularly bad, so I decided to go to my family doc and get a prescription. My doc gave me ativan and said to take 1 mg 1 hour before the flight. I took 1 mg exactly as she told me and then another 0.5 mg midway through the flight.During the flight, I felt completely calm and at peace, which has never happened before. Highly recommend for infrequent fliers with anxiety
1544	1.0	Have been taking this for situational anxiety for many years. It worked to some degree but I would always feel depressed afterwards which was awful. Last year I used it daily up to 1.5mg while I was changing my anti-depressant. This was a huge mistake. I soon reached the tolerance and began to get rebound anxiety which started up every morning. I've been off of it for 10 weeks now and still suffering. This is really hard to come off of. My advise is don't take this more than once a week and that may be too much. My anxiety is so much worse because of lorazepam.
1545	10.0	Excellent medicine, I take it only as needed but beware, for me at least, massive and rapid weight gain has occurred on it, I was a consistent 130 pounds for the last 3 years, within a month of starting it I've gained 25 pounds. Which for me is great, I needed the weight gain, for others though, take caution in this. For me this drug has been phenomenal and I can take it once and feel good for days.
1546	1.0	This drug is the devil. The first few doses work like magic. After 1 week a hellish withdrawal starts kicking in about 2 hours after taking each dose. Impossible to ween off of without a doctor who's familiar with this highly addictive drug.
1547	1.0	Sitting here shaking in my boots this stuff is weak 1mg 3 times a day
1548	10.0	"IF you use this drug JUDICIOUSLY, it can a God send.  I take 1 mg 3 to 4 times a week, never passing 5 (and rarely hitting 5).  99% of the time I take it right at bedtime to get a bomb sleep.  The next day, the world is beautiful.  I am lucky; I can feel the drug working for 13 hours every time.  And when it wears off, I still feel superb.  I am a better person with this inexpensive medication in my life!

I have been taking ativan for 10 years.  The routine above has been consistently done for 3 years.  Consider a low dose SSRI; I have been taking 10 mg of Cipralex/Lexapro for 18 months.  I wish I had this figured out years ago!  Good Luck."
1549	10.0	I know that many, including myself are not in favour of the pharmaceutical industry yet, when this drug literally saves your life, i.e. prevents suicidal ideation, can you really hate the industry, then? Think about that.
1550	10.0	Hands down, the best immediate solution for anxiety or panic attacks. I prefer Ativan to other benzos and it usually lifts my depression too, even suicidal thoughts ( well for the few hours that it works). Just be very careful not to become addicted but this is extremely helpful as an occasional tool in stressful situations. DO not take every day for many days unless instructed so, but even then do your research.
1551	10.0	hi this is very good medicines for anxiety treatment , you can use it for when your suffer depression and anxiety. I have also take this for last 2 months before.
1552	10.0	I've had extremely bad anxiety, panic attacks, and mood swings. This medicine is wonderful. It's not very strong but it takes the edge off. I'd recommended to anyone with anxiety.
1553	10.0	"Hi All

Im a young man 24 years old, I have several issues with my brain since many years ago.... I have a Major Depression, GAD, SAD, OCD, and Panic Disorder.

I've been tried many option, i tried Hypnotherapy, Emotional Therapy, CBT , also I been to some psychiatrist in Indonesia and Singapore.

Finally I met the best psychiatrist in my country, and with him I found best med and finally cure my problem. You all have to try this too and talk to your psychiatrist to ask for prescription.

Every Morning I take 1mg Ativan
and
Every Night I take 5mg Zyprexa and 150mg Zoloft

Please try this, please.. Enjoy your life..
Also CBT is good as well..."
1554	10.0	I've  been on/off benzodiazapines for about 20 years.  I am now back on ativan 1mg 3 times a day for anxiety/panic attacks and insomnia.  I know I need an increase in dose soon, as it no longer relaxes me as much as it used to.  I find ativan to be the best benzo.  I've tried xanax, (which made me sleepwalk), valium, (which doesn't affect me really).  I think I will stick to ativan and after 20 minutes, I feel a lot better.  relaxed.
1555	9.0	An excellent medication, out of all meds I tried none were as effective for managing my PTSD symptoms. Completely prevented flashbacks and nightmares and anxiety at night and allowed me to fall asleep very calmly. However I can't give it a 10 because I gained tolerance to the doses incredibly quickly, meaning I had to keep raising the dose to get the same effect, which is dangerous because it is a drug you can become physically addicted to. I would highly recommend this med to those seeking a short term fix while they are becoming stable on another long term med, but would not recommend it as a long term fix due to tolerance and addiction possibilities.
1556	10.0	"I am on lexapro since I was 16, so for the past basically five years I've struggled with anxiety. My doctor decided about three weeks ago to give me ativan as a ""break the glass kind of emergency"" immediate anxiety relief. I've only used it twice since then and I don't know how to describe this medicine other than quiet. It makes everything so quiet. and for someone with anxiety, its a miracle. I've learned what the on-set of an attack looks like, and by taking this medicine within thirty minutes I am calm, collected and have completely avoided what might have been a mental breakdown. Honestly, this drug is such a life saver. It does make you a little sleepy but nothing at all unbearable. I can take it any time of the day. its amazing."
1557	9.0	Ativan is very good for anxiety. The trick is not to take it too often. I've found that I get used to dosages fast. I've also found that on the day following when I take it, I'm more tired, listless, and depressed. It's something to watch out for.
1558	9.0	About a week ago I experienced a somewhat traumatic event that kept me awake at night. I felt as soon as the sun went down my anxiety started to gradually rise until I had pain in my chest and was hypventilating. Nothing could calm me down or get me to sleep. I finally went to see my doctor and he gave me 10 days of Ativan. Last night was the first time I took one, or any benzo for that matter, and it was like a miracle worker. Within 10 minutes of taking one 0.5g sublingual tab it's like all the anxiety in me went out the window. I felt I still needed to control my thoughts to steer away from provoking an attack but it sincerely helped calm me down to a point where I felt safe and was able to sleep. Definitely recommend.
1559	10.0	I'm speaking from nearly 10 years suffering from severe generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder. On a 1-10 scale, I'd say my anxiety is at a 12 on most days. My first panic attack brought me to the ER where I was introduced to the world of psychiatric meds, specifically, Ativan. What I will say to all of those who consider taking any benzodiazepines for their anxiety or panic attacks is that there is no benzo I would rather choose than Ativan. It provides not only relief from anxiety and panic attacks, but generally quells anxiety prone symptoms such as nausea, irritability etc., most effectively. I have never experienced much of a withdrawal effect, if at all, and the smaller half-life means less accumulation in your system.
1560	9.0	I have used this medicine for inner ear problems, dizziness, that causes anxiety  for 15 years 1.5 mg per day along with 100mg of Zoloft  with very little side efects. It has helped me live with stress and anxiety that I had with my ear problem. Yes the Doctors don't know why this helps with inner ear problem, but that is O.K. it works. I know that Doctors are concerned about abuse and that sure can happen to a addictive person. I have never used more than what has been prescribed to me.  This may some day come back to hurt me, but I am 72 now and it has significantly improved my quality of life. Any questions you want ask me. At rutoft64@gmail.com
1561	9.0	I have had a prescription for Ativan for about 6 years. This was given to me after a diagnosis of GAD that was taking over my life. I have tried many SSRIs, SNRIs, and several off label drugs, but none helped. Most actually seemed to make my condition worse. I would take 0.5 - 1mg of Ativan on occasions when I felt out of control, and it would bring me relief. I have taken 0.5 - 1 mg in a day only as perscribed. Sometimes I have taken it daily for three months at this dosage. I was always terrified about the withdrawals you read so much about if you stop taking this, but I am perhaps one of the lucky ones who, at this dosage, can simply stop with no bad effects. I regularly stop for months at a time.
1562	10.0	I've got severe anxiety and panic attacks. I've been using lorazepam/avitan for a couple years now to help stop my panic attacks. I can always count on it to work. Last night my anxiety was through the roof. My mind wouldn't stop racing, my chest hurt, and it felt like I was being stabbed in the gut repeatedly. I want to cry but I knew if I did I would for sure have an attack and wasn't sure if I could cope right since I was home alone. I keep a vial of my prescription on my keys and took one tablet. In about half an hour I no longer felt like I was dying and was able to get some rest a little after that. I think if I didn't have this med I would have ended up at the hospital last night.
1563	9.0	I was super against taking medication. I've started dealing with anxiety (some depression) for awhile now. I got prescribed Ativan months ago, and never took it. I thought I could handle myself again but then my relationship started to fail because of my over thinking. I went back to the doctor, and decided to try it. She prescribed me .50 3 times a day. I took a full one at night after a bad panic attack, and within 30 minutes I was calm and slept through the entire night. I have only been taking a half morning and mid afternoon and full at night because it does make you feel tired. My brain is in a slight fog, but nothing crazy, I still know whats going on though :) Give it a try if you are suffering. You will know after 1.
1564	8.0	I started off at .50 mg then to 1mg before bed.  I had many issues going on in life and I was having trouble falling asleep.  This helped in the beginning, but my dose is going up and up. I admit, I take this more than I should, so I understand there's an addictive nature to this.  Just be careful, and talk to your doctor if you notice that.  The best part of this drug; I get a good night sleep and I'm not waking up 3x a night.
1565	10.0	"Hey Everyone, I take 2mg of Ativan a day. 1 mg in the morning and 1 mg at night before bed. I have been diagnosed with Severe Panic Attack and Depression. Lorazepam (Generic brand for Ativan) does help me. Understand that the effects for any medication is going to vary person to person. I don't get sleepy in the morning when I take it, but it does help me get a good night's sleep at night when I'm tired. 

Also, I do want to say: Recently, my pharmacy didn't give me the exact amount of pills of Ativan, so I have been off of it ""cold turkey"" because I ran out and the withdrawal symptoms can be a hellish.

Note: Anybody can be dependent on any medication/drug. Talk to your Psychiatrist. REMEMBER...everyone responds to medication differently."
1566	8.0	I recently experienced a week of panic attacks. The first 3 times I took a pill...they were .5, it worked and I could calm down. After that the small dose did not work and I landed in the ER. I take nothing else and haven't taken any other benzo in years. I'd like to give it a lower rating due to the fact that dependency happens so fast if you aren't careful and can't cope other ways. They are definitely a bandaid. They do work though to stop panic . Just be careful and only take as necessary. Side effect..calm and sleepy..in a daze. Took an hour for them to kick in also.
1567	10.0	"I have severe flight anxiety and was prescribed Ativan 5-10 years ago to take before flights.  It works really well, and gives me this deep feeling of calm that helps me not panic on planes.  I used to shake for an entire eight hour flight, and while my anxiety doesn't entirely disappear with a 2mg dose, it's vastly more manageable. 

I haven't really noticed any side effects aside from feeling sleepy and having my mind wander a bit."
1568	8.0	"Taken it a few times/packets.. Found it did not much but was on other meds like concerta and suboxone...

Taken now, at 2.5mg four times a day it's not xananx but it does the job if you are agitated or panicked"
1569	1.0	DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE TAKING! Consult with your doctor but also be aware of the side effects involved. Symptoms include dizziness, fatigue, muscle weakness, slowed speech, muscle spasms, twitching / fidgeting, nightmares. Not for everyone.
1570	10.0	Works great!  Been suffering with anxiety for a while now was very hesitant on taking any kind of medication was given this medication in the hospital and within 20 minutes I felt relaxed and calm wish I wasn't so hesitant and took it sooner.  Great for when anxiety attack comes on
1571	10.0	I take it as needed, I have depression and it gets out of control at time, I take 1 mg. and in 10 - 15 minutes I am ok.
1572	8.0	Ativan has been SO SO helpful for anxiety and panic attacks.   It can be addicting so I try and only take it when I really need to;  not more than a couple times a week.  But it definitely has helped me and I would recommend it to those with bad anxiety.
1573	10.0	35 years on ativan
1574	10.0	This response is for the person whose Doctor won't prescribe Ativan because it's an old drug. I went to a psychiatrist and that's the med he prescribed for me to help me sleep through the night. It had been 3 months since I'd slept more the 6 hours and usually it was 4 hours each night. Ambien got me to sleep but wouldn't keep me asleep. My PCP prescribed trazadone and that was horrific. She then prescribed doxepin and that sedated me but never put me to sleep. After 3 months of this my PCP said for me to go to a psychiatrist to hear my symptoms and prescribe the right med. he got it spot on. By the second night I was sleeping like a baby and able to naps during the if I felt sleepy. I have gotten myself back. I also take Zoloft.
1575	1.0	Instead of calming me down and relaxing me from my anxiety and panicky feelings it made them extremely worse. I thought I was going to loose my mind. Well actually for a brief time I did. It caused me to have a nervous breakdown. This was only on the second day I took it. I didn't know what was going on or what was happening. I thought I was going to loose my mind and before I knew it I slit one of my wrist. I have never had any intention of doing this before taking Ativan. Thankful help came and I got 8 staples put in my wrist were I cut it. I will never take this medicine ever again. I just warn to be very careful taking this medicine. I have never had any reactions to medicines before until this medicine I took back in Sept 16, 2015.
1576	10.0	I take adavan for panic attacks caused by load noises or medical test and the dentist it is very effective within 30 minutes it makes me sleepy and relaxed. I get off balance and dizzy so I usually need help walking it is a great medication for panic attacks
1577	10.0	I took my first 1mg dose recently and I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised. I was prescribed Ativan to take only as needed on the cusp of an anxiety attack, as I've been having a few lately. It absolutely took the sting out of the anxiety and left me feeling really chilled out, to the point of that really comfortable tiredness when you're super relaxed. I haven't felt that in a long time. I didn't have any gross side effects (except for the tiredness) and was able to enjoy the rest of my day :)
1578	9.0	I take 0.5-1mg for times of unmanageable anxiety or panic attacks. This happens a few times a year. Very effective medication with no side effects for me. I've been taking it since I was 26, I'm now 30.
1579	10.0	This drug has saved my life, I take 1 mg twice daily, I have severe anxiety and panic disorder that leads me to never leaving the house bc I'm scared of everything. This drug dug me out of a deep anxiety phase that was leading to very serious depression I was scared to tell my doctor that I was gonna kill myself if they didn't find something that worked I tried about 14 other meds with little to no success. Before my doctor said I'm gonna try you on ativan and see how it helps with my drug history this was a last choice kind of thing. He warned me about the potential for abuse and addiction, I'm aware of it and I never abuse the drug. I've been using ativan for 2-3 months now and I'm finally back into the work force finally able to drive again
1580	10.0	I started taking Ativan in 1997. My first and only time in a psychiatric ward.  I was diagnosed with panic attacks.  When I first started taking them the first 3 days were an absolute nightmare.  I was getting more side effects being on them than without.  I told the doctor and he told me to give it a few day and that this side effect would go away.  I was literally going to sleep (in and out of sleep?) with a bible in my arms.  Finally the 3rd day it did start to take effect and my panic became less frightening.  I started in 1997 @ .5 MG 3xday and now in 2015 I take 1mg 3xday.  It has never given me a problem except for those fee days when I started the dosage.
1581	10.0	I was just diagnosed in my 40's with generalized anxiety disorder not surprised.  I was always having anxiety/panic attacks and unable to function some times.  I now take Celexa daily and while it takes about 2 months to really kick in my anxiety is gone and I feel FAR beyond how I have felt in forever.  Zoloft nor prozac worked.  I don't know they are truly geared towards anxiety.  High;y recommend it at 10mg if not feeling better.
1582	10.0	I recently started getting anxiety. It started very slow and began to get worse. I went to hospital very anxious one day. They did all test and as I already knew found nothing. I asked for something to calm me down. They gave me 1.0mg Ativan IV. The minute the nurse pulled the needle out I was ready to go home as if nothing happen. Slept like a baby that night .I was good for like 4 days until I started to feel anxious again. I just started Zoloft today which takes some 1 or 2 weeks to work and Ativan for in case I get another attack before Zoloft kicks in. For me Ativan has been great.
1583	9.0	Saved my life and made my life managable. So far superior to numerous SSRI's, SSNI's, off label gabapentim. serax, than any of the 10 other anti depressants I tried. Wasted 3 years of my life. May be addictive for addicts &amp; alcohol abusers but if taken as prescribed I've had minimal side effects. I'm not dizzy, falling, etc.
1584	10.0	I have chronic fatigue syndrome and fibromyalgia along with all the other issues that come with it. Anxiety  &amp; stress easily are two of the things. Ativan over Xanax for me big time for some reason Xanax would make my ankles swell? Then I tried Ativan and it worked great I put under my tongue and it melts under there and helps me within 15 minutes. I can go some weeks/months without ever taking it and then If I have a bad issue with the family or a panic attack from a flare it works fabulous.  The most I've had to take it was 10 days in a row. I've had a prescription since 2004 and it's 2016 I get 30 1.mg a month.  I don't use them all but I do  get a refill every couple months just to have some on hand.
1585	10.0	I have PTSD with panic attacks. When these come on it's terrifying to say the least! I take half a tablet and about 30 mins later I am calm. It has truly been a life saver for me. Like a lot of people here I went to the ER 3 times thinking I was dying all tests revealed nothing wrong with me.
1586	8.0	"I have been on this as needed for the last 4 years. I started at 0.5mg and am currently at 1mg. I only take when needed and have not had any negative side affects. I only wish it actually lasted longer. Roughly last for 30 to 40 min. I have taken to help sleep, I am a war vet and it helps to calm down the hyper vigilance. I have seen people struggle coming off of this, but they ""usually"" are the ones abusing it.  It is not an everyday med."
1587	10.0	I had a stroke and so I had to have an MRI.  This is something I had feared my whole adult life (because of claustrophobia) and wondered if I would even consent to it.  They gave me an ativan and the whole experience was easy and uneventful.  It was not prescribed long term, just for that single event.  Under those circumstances I would rate it a 10.
1588	8.0	I've been taking low dose Ativan for years.  It worked well for my anxiety.  Although it seems to wear off extremely fast.  I actually split the pill in two, take a half before bed, and take the other half when I wake up at night.  The only problem is after my old doctor retired, I found nobody would prescribe it.  All the newer doctors would rather give out anti-depressant.  I had to quit taking it cold turkey last month.  Now I'm on an anti-depressant and some strong sleeping pills in order to get enough sleep.  The results are inconsistent.  Some nights I get only 3 or 4 hours, some nights I sleep 10 hours and still feel tired.  I'm not sure if it's worth the trouble.  Ativan was so cheap that it didn't matter I don't have insurance.
1589	1.0	I was prescribed Ativan .5 mg and ended up having a horrible adverse reaction that landed me in the ER. I experienced 20  side effects from this medication.
1590	1.0	"I have been on ativan for 15 years%u2026 started at 1mg and was gradually increased to 4mg. The medication only numbs things the anxiety never went away, and after I started taking I started getting other symptoms like OCD, social anxiety, depression and others 

I should never have trusted the Dr and should have researched the drug before taking. I will never again just take anything without researching it. I am slowly tapering it off, the withdrawals are a nightmare but staying on this medication which should be banned is not an option. This medication was never intended to be prescribed longer then a few weeks. Drs and drugstores are completely to blame right beside the drug companies. They all know it%u2019s poison."
1591	6.0	Calmed me down enough to talk to the Psychiatrist and Social Worker when I had been detained under section 136 but didn't feel it very much and wore off quite quickly. Not as good as Diazepam
1592	2.0	This drug is highly addictive and due to it being short-acting, it is nearly impossible to wean off of this drug in a conventional manner. It is very effective in relieving anxiety, but should not be taken for any extended period of time or you will be hooked into an agonizing withdrawal. To get off of this short-acting drug without the painful withdrawal, switch to a long acting benzo like diazepam that is available in multiple and larger doses and can be cut into smaller amounts to wean off gradually.
1593	10.0	My husband was hospitalized for 10 weeks before passing away. I could not sleep - my thoughts were spiraling and racing. I had an anxiety attack in the intensive care unit and thought I was having a heart attack. I hadn't slept in 5 days. My doctor prescribed 1 mg Ativan taken 30 mins before bedtime. What a godsend. I sleep straight for 6 hours every night. I've tried sleeping without it and I'm awake all night. I worry about tolerance. So I go without it on weekends and lay awake for two nights.  I can't wait til Sunday night so I can take the Ativan and get some sleep.   I've been on it for 6 months now.
1594	2.0	Highly addictive medicine. Very angry I was put on this. I have worse anxiety and hand, feet, and head tremors. Docs give out benzos too easily. Then they do not want to help you get off them. It is awful. They treat you like a pill seeker instead of slowly weaning you off. More doctors need to use the Ashton Method of withdrawal. Taking someone off benzos too quickly can induce anger, crying spells, depression, and even seizures. Too many doctors do not want to help patients get off these pills and it is wrong.
1595	10.0	This stuff is amazing and has been a godsend for my anxiety and panic. Don't pass this one and give it try it's great.
1596	9.0	I had a positive  experience , was effective
1597	1.0	"Highly addictive, caused Severe panic attacks, when tried to go off. Got this reaction after only 2 days, of 1-2, for sleep.
     Very dangerous drug. Helps you sleep, but  nearly impossible to stop! Most need rehab., was one of the meds., Heath Ledger had, in his system. Tammy Faye took up to 25-30 a day! 
     Stay away from this drug!!?"
1598	1.0	I took .5mg ativan 2 times a day for 14 days.  I noticed I wasn't getting the same anti anxiety effect so I decided to stop taking it.  I figured it had only been 2 weeks so stopping should not have been a problem.  I then proceeded into 11 days of HELL.  The first 2 days were not to bad  but every day progressively got worse.  The Insomnia was the worst.  I got to the point where I would dread the night.  And then the night mares started.  They were horribly dark. I thought I was going to die.  I finally would take .5mg every other or every third night just to get some sleep.  It took me months to find a doctor who understood how to get off the Ativan.  I'm now on a 2 1/2% taper (40 weeks) I'm on week 9, Not fun.  DO NOT TAKE IT
1599	10.0	I love them. .5 mg when I'm shaking (getting over a fear of heights) that I got due to a sickness. Tried all others none worked  &amp; they had bad side affects. Take it at work and drive fine, work fine. Makes me not care about heights, bills, stresses in life, just a very good pill. Just watch out have been caught twice looking at a wall for hours smiling not knowing it was that long just content and happy...
1600	1.0	I had a scary adverse reaction with Ativan. I was given 1 mg in the hospital orally for the very bad anxiety I was having. About an hour and a half later I began getting the most strangest, scariest hallucinations. Both visual and sensory. I don't know if this was an allergic reaction but I never had this problem with any other benzodiazepine. Please be cautious with Ativan in particular, because it altered the functioning of my brain (it wore off the next day).
1601	10.0	I have been taking Ativan for 20 years. It was prescribed for me when my husband was in hospice care and I was struggling to care for him and our young daughters. I have GAD and it is the only thing that calms my mind and makes me feel normal if I am in high anxiety mode. I have reduced my amount needed to one half of the .5 pill to help sleep and the other half if I wake up too early and cannot get back to sleep. I also use it to fly. I have no hangovers and never feel fuzzy. It is a miracle drug for me.
1602	10.0	This medicine has saved my life on several occasions.  I developed physical anxiety issues (severe tingling, losing balance, trouble driving, insomnia, etc) a year after my 3rd child was born.  My physician tried several SSRI and tricyclic antidepressants.  They all made my symptoms worse.  Ativan/Lorazepam helped immediately for all symptoms.  In my opinion it is a miracle and I hate how it is demonized in the media and medical community.  When you suffer a month without sleeping hardly at all and can barely function in a normal setting due to crippling physical anxiety symptoms, and something provides relief, you take it.  Yes, when you are ready to stop the medicine you have to reduce very slowly over a long period of time.  Godsend!
1603	10.0	This helped me so much. I felt like my heart was beating out of my chest!!!!!!!! I went to hospital they gave it to me and it went away. OMG thank you ativan!
1604	1.0	Doesn't work for me. Been taking it for 6 months,  1 mg 2x a day. It makes my head really fuzzy.
1605	10.0	Wonderful takes stress away
1606	10.0	I'm 19 and this anxiety and OCD had been poured on me out of no where. It scared me so bad I felt like I couldn't live my life. I went to the ER and they prescribed me Ativan 1 mg 3 times a day. It was extremely effective. The first week I was only taking half or sometimes 2. I've been on it for 3 weeks and am waiting to get on a SSRIs for more long term. Ativan is helping me through my days. I am just nervous about withdrawals because I don't take them as prescribed only as needed.
1607	10.0	Ativan is a miracle drug. Whoever invented it should have received the Nobel Prize. Zero adverse effetcs, completely safe. I am going through chemo and my beloved old companion cat which I had for over 14 years died after many months of poor health. I felt gripping anxiety for weeks, it felt like my chest was going to explode. I was faced with vet bills and wasn't working. Ativan worked in less than an hour, I felt such relief, and only after 1mg. I take it once, sometimes twice, a day and my life is bearable. Please don't suffer. If you experience anxiety ask you Dr for Ativan, even 0.5 mg may work.
1608	7.0	I am taking 1mg 4x daily. I have had some deaths in my family and have been more anxious. Should my dose be increased?
1609	10.0	Thank God for Ativan. Even though when the stressful situation came up, instead of having a panic attack I was able to stop it with the calm. I do wish it could erase those trigger moments but I'm so glad I can stop them and manage them better with Ativan.  I also really like that I can take it on a work day with no side effects or that fuzzy high feeling.  It has not affected my sleep or anything else. It's a lifesaver for me. I'm back!
1610	10.0	Lifesaver for adrenaline rush feelings. The smallest dose cut in half makes me feel calm, slows my racing heart and heart palpitations, and puts me to sleep. I couldn't have survived lyme disease without it. The only bad things are it will make you tired and after being on it for 2 weeks straight, you're likely to have rebound anxiety. If you have long term anxiety SSRIs are the best choice.
1611	9.0	I suffer from PTSD, depression, anxiety, and panic attacks. I previously took Xanax, but it was too short acting for me. I needed a benzodiazepine that was longer acting, since my anxiety goes on for a long time. I like that Ativan lasts 6-8 hours, in which I need for times of long time anxiousness. However I have realized that smoking cigarettes lessens the effectiveness of benzodiazepines, so I will have to work around that. Anyway, Ativan is great for people like me who have anxiety and panic attacks.
1612	10.0	I take 6mg Ativan a day and will do for life, it saved my life there is nothing else to touch a benzodiazepine if your anxiety is off the scale. Yes you get tolerant but what else is there out there NOTHING that works in 20 minutes like Ativan. I am 67 and not going to worry myself with addiction and withdrawal. What would I withdraw to there is nothing out the. I have taken Ativan for 40 years and I am alive, I don't think I would be without it. 
1613	9.0	Works well with anxiety, panic
1614	10.0	I take 0.5mg everyday before I head out to work.  I had my panic at work, and this keeps me calm and able to get through the day.  Some days are more stressful than others and I may have to take another 0.5mg, but I never go over the dose I was prescribed.  I am so glad my doctor gave me this!
1615	10.0	I loved it, when I lost awareness in the Hospital: I was given Ativan. It brought me back to normal. I wish I had some now.
1616	10.0	"Given that I've had issues with addiction, my previous psychiatrist would not prescribe me any benzos and instead prescribed me Vistaril, which I found pretty useless. For someone with acute panic and anxiety issues, benzos really should be the first and last word on the topic. Ativan is great. Because of my addiction history, I am very careful with it and never take it more than prescribed. It is enough to make me feel ""evened out"" during the day without making me loopy, euphoric or sleepy. And at night, it puts me out without giving me a ""hangover"" the following day like Valium does."
1617	9.0	Long story short, I am terrified of medication , the first time I took Ativan I had already got myself all worked up about having to take it that when I did I went into full blown panic attack. It was not because of this med , it was my own doing. The second and third time I took it, it worked well . Allowed me to get through the entire day like myself again. Even took the depression away that I have caused from anxiety . I have only taken it 3 times in the last month since was prescribed it . Since I've read how addicting this can be I have been very careful about taking it only when I really need it.
1618	9.0	I Have only taken my Ativan 3 times in the past month that I have had it. I really try to take it only on the times I can't control my anxiety and can not work because of it. I am so against taking medication including this one but the second and third time I took it I was happy I did. It allows me to function and get through the day feeling good. It really does take the edge off and also calms my heart rate,  As it usually is always beating faster throughout the day just from being anxious. Even though I still get paranoid about having to Take this medication when I really need it , I end up being glad I did. It works! I personally have no side effects either from this med.
1619	9.0	I have been taking Ativan for a few days while I wait for Lexapro to kick in. It has been a life saver. It has allowed me to eat and sleep, which has been huge in this fight against anxiety. It really helps mellow me out and take the edge off.
1620	10.0	I was given a prescription for this 4 years ago when I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. It is the one thing I can count on to help slow spiraling thinking. I have never taken it regularly until recently because of some major life stressors. I would normally take 0.5 mg in the morning once in awhile, but now I have been advised by my Dr. To take up to 0.5 mg three times a day as needed while I adjust to Zoloft. I have not needed it more than twice in a day. It sure helps, and so far I have never had any problems stopping taking it.
1621	3.0	Took it for 3 months 2.5 mg and did not help the anxiety, it made it worse. I am tapering down.
1622	10.0	I was diagnosed with Graves/Hyperthyroidism in Feb 2014, I was given 1 mg of Lorazepam on one of my trips to the ER because of my Hyperthyroidism. This medication is the best in it's class, I also occasionally take propranolol 10mg for heart palpitations, they both work perfect together. Already had RAI 4 weeks ago but am having bouts of hyper till thyroid is completely off. The 0.5 mg doesn't do much but the 1 mg is Excellent.
1623	10.0	Amazing it works so well.
1624	9.0	I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attacks that happen unexpectedly. I am also taking an SSRI with the Ativan but the Ativan is on an as needed basis and has helped tremendously the tightness in my chest is relieved and the irregular heartbeat slows down, anxiety and panic is a very scary thing to experience and Ativan has helped me get through those tough times, would absolutely recommend it.
1625	10.0	Loved it, love it still but no longer allowed prescriptions due to strength &amp; dependency issues. Was taken as needed to treat anxiety and worked relatively quickly, generally would feel better within ten minutes. Took one almost everyday for 8 wks before going on antidepressants and then had to taper off them. Have kept a small amount on me for extremely bad days though.
1626	10.0	Best anti-anxiety medicine.
1627	10.0	Ended years of misery, acid reflux, etc.
1628	10.0	I am claustrophobic and required an MRI.  The one tablet I took prescribed by my dr. Helped me get through this 1 hr 45 min process.  I am grateful.
1629	10.0	I have Generalised Anxiety Disorder and take this nightly to sleep.  This medication works wonderfully for relieving the physical symptoms of GAD which is what it was intended for.  Yes this is addictive and has side effects that can affect memory however I don't think I could live without this medication.  Anti-Depressants don't touch my anxiety where as this does.
1630	10.0	Ativan has made a tremendous difference in my life as my anxiety was out of control and panic attacks were frequent. I don't find that it makes me tired and I like how the effects are quickly felt. I used to take 1 mg but now only take 0.5mg once a day; twice if I need it. I can skip days the odd time if I am at home and things are peaceful.  I was put on Valium and couldn't handle that at all - Ativan was a lifesaver for me!
1631	10.0	I took it today after suffering with severe anxiety and it worked quickly on me. My mind relaxed and I wanted to go out with kids.
1632	5.0	It works sometimes while other times it makes me more depressed
1633	9.0	Klonopin made me irritable &amp; short with people especially as they began wearing off. Xanax are ok but made my food taste better so I gained some. So Ativan several days now and its just perfect. Little sleepy but I'll work through that.
1634	8.0	Most subtle of the benzos i have tried.  Made me sleepy the first hour or two, but then stabilized anxiety and mood for about 6 hours.  Much longer lasting than it is given credit for.  Good PRN medication.  Other benzos cause some moodiness or depression even.  Although I think Lorazepam can, it is much smoother than others.  It again is too sedating for many people though.  I liked it about as good as Clonazepam, it is better than Valium IMO.
1635	10.0	This is the one thing I can always count on to help me when I am in need . I have dealing with anxiety and depression my whole life I am 23 . It is great for calming you down I don't know what I would do without it
1636	10.0	"I had a SEVERE panic/depression episode and was contemplating suicide (didn't tell Dr. about that part though) with uncontrollable crying ""spells"" and was prescribed 2mg Ativan and it was effective within just a few minutes. I calmed down and the racing thoughts, thoughts of suicide, and other feelings went on hold long enough to compose myself. I was on these for a few weeks and it saved my life. I was already on 2mg Xanax ER at the time but it didn't touch the episode I was having at the current time. However, the Xanax ER was very effective for what it was for, I just had an episode triggered by a bad event that override the power of the Xanax at the time."
1637	10.0	I was in the E.R. for my usual anxiety waiting to be sent to a Mental health treatment facility.  I lay there for seven hours. I tired but I could not sleep. It's like the voices around me were getting louder and louder.  I eventually exploded. It took three security people and nurse stuck me in my thigh from a distance with Ativan, it was great. The Anxiety demons went away and I felt normal. I was later prescribed Ativan. I've tried many medicines in my twenty seven year battle with Depression and Social anxiety and anxiety and O.C.D. and P.D.S.D. Nothing works like Ativan.
1638	10.0	"One of the first medications given to me to help with my social anxiety and panic attacks. Never failed me, and actually help me get past my anxiety during job interviews and applications, which normally had me throwing up and shaking before hand.

 I never took it often enough to get much tolerance, although with in a year, I admit, about 2 times when i had extra I took it recreationally."
1639	8.0	Though I've rated this medication an 8 (when I first started taking it I would have rated it at 12!). I must caution ANY who use it to use it STRICTLY as directed by your (presumably responsible/knowledgeable psych/med doc).
1640	10.0	Great experience. Totally cured my anxiety but habit forming. Works wonders.
1641	10.0	I have been taking Ativan for the past 28 years! Initially it was 0.5mg 2/3 times a day for a few months. Later 0.5mg twice a day for about 2/3 years. Then once a day for 5/6 years. Since then I regularly take 0.75mg once a day in the morning during all these years. I have never exceeded the dosage and I am able to skip the tablet on many Sundays when I don't need to go out or do stressful things. I am sure I will be able to stop taking the medicine when I want but as the dosage is small I have made it a habit to pop 3/4th of 1mg pill daily before I start to office. Side effects - I am unable to distinguish as I am 61 yrs now and have formed some forgetfulness and some usual age related minor personal problems. Ativan is a great medicine!
1642	9.0	Ativan will definitely help calm you down, but stick to the script! If you quit cold turkey you will have withdrawals for a week. You build a slight tolerance for it and want more. If you give in and take more you will run out before refill time and then come the withdrawals! But it does do its job on anxiety!
1643	8.0	I took this with Paxil. The combination made me feel normal and I was able to control my anger and it helped tremendously with severe night time anxiety.
1644	9.0	"After recovery from prostate cancer 8 mos. ago, I began experiencing panic attacks &amp; General Anxiety Disorder. 
I have tried 3 different therapists (psychobabblers), and 4 diff SSRI's, all to no avail. The only effective treatment that resolved my difficulties was Ativan. My prescription is 1 mg up to 3 times a day as needed. 1 mg per day works 90% of time. It's rare that I need 2, and never 3. Without it I'd be looking for the highest bridge. "
1645	9.0	Had a horrible panic attack,  never had one before &amp; the doctor explained what was going on &amp; gave me Ativan. Works amazing for me.
1646	10.0	I used this medication thirty years ago for anxiety, and recently, I had to get another prescription for it. I have always felt near-immediate relief when taking it. I weigh over 200 pounds, and the 1mg taken as needed gives me relief from an occasional anxious or panicky feelings. I've had no other side-effects, such as drowsiness, etc., even when taken in the daytime.
1647	10.0	I had a great experience with Ativan.  It does a great job of heading off a panic attack when you feel one coming on.  It works very quickly (5 minutes or less).  It doesn't make you feel drunk or high, but more just kind of relaxed and mellow (a bit sleepy).  I took a very low dose, as needed, and it's just nice to have something in case I need it, that wasn't real addictive or habit forming.  Like having a spare tire.  You don't have to use it very often, but it's comforting knowing you have one, and it will get you through.  I didn't notice any side effects at all to be honest, except for feeling sleepy when I took it sometimes, but that's not always a bad thing.
1648	10.0	Ativan has changed my life for the better. I can do things now that I used to have to avoid because of my anxiety, such as public speaking and being in high places. I even went on a roller coaster last month for the first time in 20 years. I have extreme hypertension (taking Lisinopril for that), and sometimes blood pressure spikes will trigger an anxiety attack. I take a 0.5 Ativan when that happens, and in about 20 minutes I'm fine. I'm so grateful to now have this medicine.
1649	8.0	Very effective for me. It has also been prescribed for my vertigo as well as anxiety. 0.5 mg is enough for me to feel the anxious feeling subside. Sometimes even half a pill is fine to take the edge off. I only use about 5 pills a month.
1650	10.0	This is by far the best anxiety medication on the market for immediate help it takes about 10 min. To feel the effects and it is wonderful it's immediate relaxation. I had anxiety about 5 years ago and Ativan cured it. Unfortunately I have been under a lot of financial stress lately and it started bothering me again so my doc put me back on them and it has already killed the anxiety again. Definitely a miracle drug be careful they are for short term only. 
1651	10.0	This chills me ever so slightly.  I was suffering from anxiety, feeling dizzy, and in a panic that I was really sick.  It ruined my summer.  I took a half of an ativan and it made me feel like myself again.  It doesn't make you high, crazy like or out of it. It just makes you feel nice. 
1652	9.0	Worked okay. 
1653	9.0	Of all the medicines I have tried for alleviating anxiety, this was the ONLY one that really worked. I suffer from the co-morbidity of depression as well as mild ADHD and am now trying 1-3mg (as needed) usually 1mg in the morning and 2mg if I experience panic attacks. It has helped me function normally during periods of unbelievable stress (divorce,  bankruptcy, separation from my beloved kids) and ongoing emotional trauma. It doesn't interfere with other medicines (Zoloft and Concerta) and is wonderfully calming. 
1654	5.0	"I was given Ativan before having an MRI done. I have extreme claustrophobia and was unable to get the MRI done even the open MRI type machine. I took 2mg. one hour before the test. Right up until the test I was terrified. However, within five minutes, being in the MRI machine, I was out! I mean out, in a different world. It was scarey. I had an IV placed and didn't feel a thing. The whole test (an hour or longer) went perfectly. 
Here is the really scarey part. I came home and went about my usual business. At supper, read the paper, even drove in town. The next day I had absolutely no memory of the previous day. The Ativan caused severe amnesia."
1655	10.0	I've been taking Ativan for almost 4 yrs now. I take 0.5mg 2-4 times a day depending on how my day is going. It works very well for me. When I start feeling anxiety I start getting gaggy and I take a pill and within 15-20 mins I am calm. Only side effect I had was a little dizzy the first time taking it and sleepy, but went away after the first day. My only problem now is I have social anxiety and it doesn't help with that. I give this medicine a 10 .
1656	9.0	I lost my darling husband 5 weeks ago. My doctor gave me Lorazepam 0.50 mg. I still get upset but I'm much better than I was. The crying and not eating was making me feel so much worse. These pills are a God send.
1657	5.0	It worked okay, but the half-life for me wasn't enough.  It seemed as soon as the Ativan wore off, the anxiety came back swinging.  
1658	8.0	"I was prescribed the 0.5mg tabs for anxiety and panic attacks. I have only been taking them for a few days now but they definitely do calm me down. The only side effects I get are a little sleepiness and a slight headache.

I don't think the 0.5mg tab would be enough for a full on panic attack, I think I would need to take 3 or 4 of them. My only problem with these pills is that sometimes it takes 2 or 3 hours for it to fully kick in."
1659	8.0	"After serveral failed attemps of using SSRI's to help with my panic attacks, my Dr perscribed me 0.5mg of Ativan to use when needed to ""break the cycle"" of panic. Along with everyone else, I'm telling you to use with caution if you are taking Ativan, because it is very addicting. I'm 21 yr old female who has suffered from panic attacks since I was 15. Ativan is a great safety net when needed, no side effects except some small cloudiness. Use with caution and be knowledgeable. Learn what panic is, what sets you off, and how to use coping mechanisms before using medication. And always do research on what medications you are being prescribed and be the judge if this medicine, in the long term, will benefit you. Knowledge is the key to beating panic."
1660	10.0	I've had horrible traumas happen when I was younger that still haunt me. I wake up shaking and can't sleep on my own. I've been on Seroquel, Buspar, and Vistaril. None helped. My doctor finally prescribed Ativan and it has worked wonders! I feel great, don't wake up shaking, can actually sleep, and feel calm. Love it.
1661	10.0	I've suffered from anxiety disorder for years and have tried several different medications like Xanax and Klonopin but they made me too drowsy. Ativan works well and has very little sedating effect.
1662	7.0	It works well for my anxiety, but tends to last longer than I need it to. Also I get an odd effect when taken with my Ritalin. It causes me to remain focused but on many random tasks so its some times counter productive at work.
1663	5.0	Ativan 0.5mg calms me down considerably within 30 minutes, but the side effects are so bad that I can't continue to take it. I experienced EXTREME, loss of energy, tiredness, laziness, apathy, and increase in appetite.  This might be okay for someone who's at home trying to recover from panic attacks, but not for me. I work 5 days a week and this past week that I was only taking 1 x 0.5mg pill a day was the absolute worst week I've ever had at work, living in a fog and totally wiped out of energy. I hardly got ANYTHING done which is totally out of character for me.  Also when this medicine wears off in a few hours it makes me very irritable and nervous. 
1664	8.0	Ativan always helps calm me down 0.5 mg dose, but when it wears off it makes me a little extra nervous but all in all a very effective medicine. Side effect is drowsiness and laziness haha. But I function so much better when my mind doesn't have the anxiety.
1665	10.0	I started taking Ativan about 4 months ago and I found it was very effective. It saved my life. I suffered really badly with depression, anxiety and panic attacks. This tablet stops the thoughts racing through my mind and calms me down straight away.
1666	6.0	Ativan has been a life saver on several occasions in treating my ongoing anxiety; however, I hate that it's so 'short lived'.  I take it only when I need it but have noticed that the more I need it, the stronger dose I need as well. I started out by breaking my 1mg tabs in half, now I find myself taking 1-2mg at a time in order to feel any relief from the anxiety.
1667	10.0	I've had very little side effects with this medicine and it quickly takes the edge off of a panic attack.
1668	10.0	I have just taken Ativan 1mg this morning. I feel just like I felt before all of this anxiety took over my life. I am happy to be me again, hopeful for it to be this easy for future attacks. I am so tired of the doctors in the ER knowing me by face and first name basis because of this condition. I started to lose my mind and had my entire family worried about me. But now after just 1mg of Ativan just today, I feel like I can get through this. If you experienced a panic attack and you are not stressed out you too will think that you are being mis-diagnosed just like me all 17 times in 2 months in the ER, but after taking Ativan I believe the doctors now and I thank them!
1669	4.0	I have been on Ativan since January 2011, started out with 0.5mg then went to 1mg and have felt better. I used them not only for my anxiety but also to sleep because I have a hard time sleeping at night. I now feel that I can stop taking the medicines for the anxiety, have not had an attack for months but take the medicines to sleep at night. I tried to stop taking Ativan and the withdrawals were so bad I had to start taking them again and now going to see my doctor to help me come off them. 
1670	10.0	With Ativan I still felt like myself and it made me happy. I didn't have to feel all shitty and boring. Ativan saved me! It releases faster in my opinion or it reacts nicer.
1671	3.0	"This medication worked for my anxiety but made me a complete zombie. I would forget things I was doing and just had a drowsy I don't care attitude. It got rid of my anxiety but interrupted my daily work routine because I couldn't think to function. 

I would only recommend if you are having extreme jump out of your skin anxiety, otherwise try to do things naturally. I started taking vitamins and working out regularly and my anxiety has gone down at least 60%."
1672	9.0	"I take 0.5 mg of Ativan as needed and it works wonders.  Anytime I get ""wound up"" and tense and can't catch my breath I will place one under my tongue and it does the trick!  I don't seem to get sleepy from them either.  Fortunately, I don't need it very often but when I do it calms me down quick."
1673	5.0	I am on 1mg of it 2x a day as needed for panic attacks, and it takes the edge off, but it does not fully calm down everything, it also helps me sleep well.
1674	4.0	It worked well at first. I was on 1 mg as needed after being diagnosed with M.S. I built a tolerance very quickly even though I was only taking 1 pill 2-3 days a week. Soon I needed 2 at a time, then 3 at a time just to slightly calm my anxiety and panic attack, not fully taking it away (at this time I had been on them approximately a year and a half). Even the first day that I started taking Ativan took 20-30 minutes to feel the effect. Anyone who has severe anxiety or panic attacks knows that is an unbearable amount of time to feel relief. I am now on 1 mg Xanax, which is a God send.
1675	8.0	I rarely take it but it has saved me from a few panic attacks. Makes me a bit sleepy but overall the side Effects are tolerable. I actually find 0.5mg effective.
1676	9.0	I was on 1mg of Ativan at night as needed. It worked pretty well. Once the side effects went away (a little sleepy and off-balance) I started taking half a pill in the daytime whenever I felt stressed and it seemed to last most of the day. It also helps whenever I feel angry at work. If not for Ativan, I would probably have quit my job or knocked someone out.
1677	4.0	I was prescribed Lorazepam 1mg up to 3x a day, but they don't seem to be touching me. I suffer from panic attacks, anxiety, etc., and I just permanently feel wired, my legs are going 100mph all the time. I get bad thoughts of doom from nowhere. If I'm not focused on something 100%, I end up letting little thoughts of what if I pass out, etc. I've tried lots of SSRI's as well. 
1678	8.0	It all started with the death of my fiancee and the father of my kids back in 1999. I started with mild anxiety, poster traumatic stress disorder and panic. It got a little better and I was off medicines from 2000 to 2006. Then in October 2006 I woke up and I thought I was going to die and was in the ER A LOT, for like 3 weeks finally went to psych doctor and they started giving me Ativan. I am very medicine-phobic and have only taken Ativan for the last 5 yrs, 3 mgs a day. Some days it feels the Ativan doesn't work at all and other days I get good relief fast. I have been prescribed numerous SSRIs and am always scared to take them because of all the side effects Ativan gives me no side effects. Recently I was told my blood pressure may be high as a result of the severe anxiety/panic. I'm scared. 
1679	10.0	This medicine has given me my life back. I went to the ER three times last week alone, and was finding myself in the ER twice a week on a regular basis. Finally the doctor there prescribed me this medicine. It works wonders, and puts my anxiety to a minimum. It helps with the chest and throat tightness. I feel great. The only downside is after about 4 hours my symptoms come back. So I take another and am once again feeling better! I'd recommend it to anyone suffering severe anxiety.
1680	9.0	I have had anxiety and panic attacks all my life, stopping me from doing things I love like going to six flags or riding an airplane..or even going out to watch a movie or shop and most importantly work. I just got prescribed Ativan and buspirone, and I've only taken the Ativan last night which helps but took a while to kick in approximately 30 -45 mins.
1681	9.0	"Initially, I was prescribed Ativan for anxiety related to menopause. I took 0.25 mg every few days for that. Then, after a death in my immediate family, I began taking 0.25 to 0.5 mg almost every afternoon.  My prescription reads ""1 mg up to 3 x daily as needed"".  I have never needed more than 0.5 mg a day. I have not felt the need to increase beyond that dose. Ativan helps me think clearly and removes the stress that is pretty prevalent in my life at the moment. It also allows me to rest at night."
1682	9.0	I started taking Ativan about 3 months ago for extreme anxiety. I couldn't sleep, eat, or get anything done. I was seeing a CBT therapist but even my therapy wasn't helping. My doctor prescribed Ativan and my dad, who is a psychologist, agreed. It's for the worst moments when I feel like I'm either going to go to the hospital or just completely go crazy. For that purpose it works very well. I feel relaxed in about a half hour and can function again. I don't take it every day or every week but I can't imagine being addicted to something if it makes you feel normal. I don't feel high or anything. I'm so glad I was prescribed this and decided to take it.
1683	10.0	I was battling depression along with panic attacks.  They first had me on Xanax.  After a while wanted to get off that but was still having panic attacks.  Not 1 since I started Ativan. Also I find it much easier to focus and get things done now.
1684	10.0	I have been on Ativan for probably the better part of 15 years. These last 7 years everyday. I am a recovering alcoholic (6 years and 27 days without a drink) I was self medicating and I sometimes have horrible panic attacks, and I often have high anxiety. This calms me down. I also have back problems and am in pain management, and taken with my pain medicines they kick each other in stronger.
1685	10.0	This has helped me A LOT!
1686	1.0	Ativan does not help my constant state of anxiety. I always have tight feeling in chest and jittery body movements.  
1687	10.0	I feel like Ativan saved my life! Before getting it prescribed, I was sure I was going to have a heart attack. My chest was tight on a daily basis and I found for most of the day I could barely breathe without consciously thinking about it. I don't take Ativan daily, only when I start to feel these symptoms. And within 10-15 minutes I forget that I was uncomfortable at all. No side effects, either.  I would recommend it to anyone rather than a daily anti- depressant which is often prescribed for anxiety.
1688	10.0	Periodontist prescribed before dental surgery - 2 x 1MG tabs 1 1/2 hrs before my appointment. It was great!  I do not remember anything about the surgery and obviously felt no anxiety - yet was awake the whole time. Great for this purpose.
1689	9.0	I've been taking a year. Works well for me to decrease the nausea and remove the intensity.  No side effects while on it.  However, there was one day I went without it and drank alcohol. I experienced a very severe panic attack and the effects lasted for 4 hours.  So I would imagine coming off this later will be a process.  I do not plan on stopping for at least another year.  Worth noting I do not drink anymore, so if alcohol is a part of your life, you have to take that into consideration as to how much you can drink (if any) and how you will feel as a result.
1690	9.0	Extremely effective for relief of severe anxiety and it has given me back functioning after years of truly disabling suffering.  It should always be used on an as-needed or short term basis to avoid tolerance and addiction. 
1691	9.0	I developed anxiety attacks, as many do after a Total Thyroidectomy.  I suffered for a year with inadequate thyroid treatment and all the awful things that come with it. Then developed panic/anxiety attacks.  They would last 6 or 7 hours at a time.  I would barely feel better and then I got another. Ativan helped in 15 minutes. I've been taking it for two months and it has given me back the small part left of my post-thyroid life. Thanks to my thyroidectomy, I will never be well again.  But at least I don't have panic attacks.
1692	10.0	Good medicine, use daily up to 3 mg/day. On it for 15 years. Have ADD and DID, so take also to calm down with all that's going in my head. Keeps me sane so why not and I need it to make my days okay.
1693	10.0	Hello, I'm a 38 year old female that had a seizure for the first time 3 weeks ago.  I ended up in the hospital for 10 days. EEG did not show anything.  I noticed that when I would think about my ill father, and upcoming responsibilities that I'm going to have to deal with, my foot starts cramping up, then leads up my leg until it makes my whole body do weird movements, and my hands and feet feel like they are spiraling and crushing in my skin (hallucinating feeling).  I breath deep, fast, panicky.   sometimes I pass out at the end and become incoherent,  and sometimes the cramping just releases in an instant and I remember everything.   Ativan is the only thing that prevents this from happening.
1694	10.0	Cant make it through a day without it.
1695	1.0	I have anxiety disorder. Ativan 1 mg. does nothing for me. No side effects either.
1696	9.0	"Going through a heart breaking split with the love of my life after seven years.  Hows does this happen?  Well, when a man (me) is 20 years older than his love, it's inevitable.  She is 31, beautiful and feels her clock ticking.  I have already raised my kids.  You get the picture.  The gut wrenching part is that we love each other.  

That said, you can imagine the wild ride I've been on emotionally.  This medicine saved me.  I'm sleeping, eating some what and my head doesn't race so much with the thoughts of her someday in a new family.  I can function, and the tears for the most part have stopped.

0.5 mg 3 x a day as needed.  Right now I take it 2 to 3 times a day but feel I can probably get down to just twice daily.

This medicine has saved me."
1697	8.0	1mg during a panic attack is good with minor dopiness felt. 0.5mg if panic is on-setting and to keep it at bay.
1698	10.0	Ativan has been great for me and my anxiety. I have been using it for over 10 years but don't take it everyday just when needed. I may go a month and not need it. I really don't know what I would have done without it.
1699	10.0	"Love it. My doctor just tried to switch me to Buspar, but I just read all the reviews and found not one good thing. I don't even plan to try it.

I have been taking 1 mg of Ativan as needed for panic attacks for a year and will stick with it."
1700	10.0	I've been taking Ativan for over a year and a half. It's a wonderful quick cure for anxiety. I recently have been going through some rough times and my anxiety has been through the roof.  But thanks to my wonderful doctoring staff, I have been handling it very well. 
1701	8.0	I developed anxiety very fast and didn't know what it was until one day when my heart was beating out of my chest and I started worrying about my life changes. Went to ER twice in a month thought I was going to have a heart attack. I am 25 and I never knew anxiety can be this bad. I started taking Ativan and it's been 4 months now. I started with 2 a day and now I'm taking one a day. It's a great pill not many side effects, a bit disoriented sometimes but I can sleep better and eat more. I am planning on staying on it until my life gets back on track and once everything settles down I will get off of it. Anxiety is a hard thing to deal with on your own. Only if you have it you understand.
1702	9.0	It is giving me diarrhea.
1703	10.0	I been on Ativan for 3 years now. It totally cures my panic attacks! I don't leave home without it. My doctor just switched me to Klonopin and I'm scared it won't work as well. I have not tried it yet.
1704	8.0	I've been on Ativan for almost a month and at times I feel like my anxiety has diminished and other times it sticks around. Initially it worked great, however I had to increase my dose so now I'm not certain if I will be able to continue taking this medicine.
1705	10.0	I have been on Ativan 0.5mg up to 3 times a day for 8 days now. It has reduced my major anxiety to a minimum and I feel I will be on this medicine for good. I'm okay with that as I had to learn the hard way that I need medication to battle my illness. I've been on several antidepressants and this medicine has helped me as much as any that I took in the past. My concern now is, is the Prozac/Zyprexa cocktail working for me or is it all the Ativan that is doing the job. Will talk with my psychiatrist later today and find out what our next plan is.
1706	2.0	I received a shot last week of this at the hospital. It was great at first and was working great for my severe panic attacks, then about 45 minutes later, I started seeing Mickey mouse bumper boats and pink pigs standing in cake. The hospital didn't do anything for me and this is considered a severe side effect. They sent me home and then I slept for 36 hours and had a Migraine for 2 days after. I image it works for others but not me, way to many side effects, when I have 2 kids I have to take care of.
1707	10.0	I am a 79 year old woman. I was prescribed 1MG of Ativan years ago for sleep as I am a naturally anxious person...worrier etc. Last November I went through a traumatizing surgery on my back and came up with GAD.  I was put on Cymbalta, which made me very sick.  I was left with this jittery, crying daily problem and I finally asked if I could break up a 1MG Ativan pill and take some of it when I felt these awful jitters coming on.  He agreed it was O.K. I resisted it for a week or two after reading some of the posts but I now think I am old and I need to stop being anxiety ridden.  My family deserves for me to be normal.  If taking Ativan accomplishes this. O.K.
1708	5.0	I was on Ativan for Generalized Anxiety Disorder with Panic Disorder.  It worked okay, however once I started seeing a specialist, I changed to Klonopin.  I find that Klonopin is much more consistent, meaning I don't feel it kick in and wear off like I did the Ativan, this apparently is due to its longer half-life.  I did find out the hard way, that these are abused by some people, so don't leave them accessible in any way.  I had mine stolen once, bad experience!
1709	10.0	I started having anxiety attacks after divorce and bankruptcy/foreclosure loss of business and having to take jobs I really wasn't suited for.  I went to see a therapist and was prescribed Lorazepam 0.5mg twice a day. That helped a little bit but within the first month I was taking 1mg 3 times a day to control it. Now, over a year later I take up to 5, 1mg tabs a day and some days don't need any. It has been a life saver and it even helped with chronic muscle spasms I have in my back.
1710	8.0	If Xanax is not available, then Ativan is my second choice. I have Chronic anxiety and Panic attacks associated with PTSD. 
1711	10.0	I was a major addict (meaning like 5 blunts a day), and was having trouble quitting. Every time I would stop smoking I would have major anxiety attacks. I would get super angry over small things, snap quickly, yell at my girlfriend, and crave smoking like crazy because I knew the anxiety came from not smoking. As soon as I started smoking again I would feel fine. So I quit again, but this time I started an Ativan regimen and am now smoke free. The side effects of feeling tired or a little lazy, doesn't compare to the side effects of smoking, being a bum and having no motivation. I wonder if this would work for cigarette smokers?
1712	8.0	Very good
1713	7.0	It seems to calm me but I am also an avid yoga participant so not always sure which is helping more.
1714	8.0	With proper dosing, i.e.,enough mgs, Ativan works very well in controlling my irritability and anxiety. The only temporary, mild side-effects that occurred were a slight lack of motivation, slight feelings of disorientation, which these dissipated quickly.
1715	10.0	I have been dealing with a lot of stress, and ended up in the hospital with a panic attack. I have anxiety and panic disorder, and I have been taking Ativan for nearly three months. I only take it when I am at the point I can no longer breathe, and I am shaking. It is quick and effective, it causes me to calm down enough that I can breath, I stop shaking, and I am able to concentrate. I love it, and am pleased with the effects of it. The down side, is I tend to feel a bit loopy for like an hour after taking it, but then I'm fine again, also eating helps this time period. Unfortunately I have to switch to Xanax because my new doctor likes them more. I'm hoping for the same effect, but I would completely recommend it.
1716	10.0	Fast and effective.
1717	9.0	Overall great medication, keep it at a small dose use only when you really need it. First try fighting your anxiety and then if that doesn't help, use your medicines. This drug has been proven to become addicting, I hope this has helped some out there like me suffering from panic attacks and anxiety.
1718	1.0	"I have acute panic disorder. I was on SSRI's for a while but they did not work for me to stop the attacks. My doctor decided to put me on Lorazapem. It did stop my panic attacks very well and I started to feel good for a while, I was taking 0.5mg every day. About a year after I had developed a faster heart rate during my panic attacks and I started seeing my pulse pounding on my neck.  I still used it and thought that it was probably a new health condition. After going to several cardiac test, nothing was found wrong with my heart.
I read a message at a discussion board one day.
Ativan may cause rapid heart rate, a pounding pulse on the neck and chest. I stopped taking it and switched to Xanax. All my symptoms went away."
1719	10.0	I have anxiety and I tried valium and xanax but Ativan works best for me.
1720	8.0	It works great for anxiety.  The 2 major downfalls I've noticed, is 1) I built up a tolerance FAST, so I need a stronger dosage quite often, and 2) it sometimes takes up to 2 hrs to kick in!  but its a good pill I can take to get me through stressful classes. 
1721	10.0	I have suffered from panic attacks for years and couldn't get by without it...I take it as needed. It works quickly and takes the edge off. I take the 0.5 mg.
1722	9.0	Has been a wonder drug for me. I keep my dosages low and take no more than needed, sometimes at the cost of not taking enough. My only complaint is it takes too long for it take effect, sometimes up to 2 hrs.
1723	6.0	Originally prescribed for anxiety related to flying. It does well with general non flight-related anxiety (thought racing, panicky feelings), but am having a hard time finding right time to take dosage before a flight. Am prescribed 1 mg (doctor said I could take up to 4 times or so without any adverse effects). So far, I am less anxious on plane (I don't cry as much, at least, but am still shaking and jumpy whole flight). Strangest thing is I never remember getting off plane, claiming baggage and rides to hotel. I always remember flight and being scared, but the airports (both) are a blur! Maybe my timing is off. Am flying again in 1 week, so I will try my timing again. Luckily our favorite vacation spot is only an hour away, but whew.
1724	10.0	Ativan has a troublesome history of abuse and ignorance associated with it. People expecting some magical pill to solve all their problems on a daily basis, following the advise of a doctor rather than there own body. I lead a stressful life and sometimes there's no amount of relaxing watching movies etc to get my body to calm down. I always want to get up and run workout etc. If used properly it's a lifesaving medication for me, losing my hair from stress Gilberts syndrome etc finally I am able to enjoy my life again enjoy movies etc. Used properly it's a tool I wish to have at my touch at all times available. Responsibility and moderation to all. 
1725	10.0	It's very helpful.
1726	8.0	I have terrible anxiety and panic disorder due to PTSD for many years. Ativan has helped me to have a conversation without tripping over my words. I still do that sometimes, but not every time I opened my mouth to speak.
1727	10.0	"I'm on 0.5mg 3 times a day. I feel great. I'm happy, calm, and back to my old self again, without anxiety flare ups.
I love this medicine, and would recommend it to anyone. Personally I think this is the best benzodiazepine, take it with caution though, but if you truly need it like I do, then find a doctor willing to prescribe it. Good luck."
1728	9.0	I have been on Ativan or lorazepam for 7 years now. It has saved my life. My now grown children say it is my nice pill. And yes I wasn't a very nice mom when they were growing up. So it is a fare statement. I need it also as an on the spot antianxiety, for depression and nervous breakdowns.
1729	8.0	Ativan at 0.5mg works for me.  No side effects.  I just feel calm.  My doctor gave me a prescription for 1mg but that causes a drowsiness, which finds me napping and losing part of the day.  So I am not going to take that strength. He said I could take the 0.5mg 2 to 3 times a day if necessary.  I find twice a day is working well.
1730	9.0	I think this drug is wonderful but, like alcohol, it needs to be taken in moderation or else you'll get addicted to it. I like to use Ativan 0.5mg whenever I have a little episode or I'm really stressed and the drug works really quickly. I also use it to put me to sleep. In short: good drug.
1731	7.0	The nurse didn't lie - no anxiety, less nicotine cravings. I'd stay smoke free, but I'm hyper without the cigarettes. At least I've decided strongly against alcohol and drugs. 1 day at a time, 1 step at a time. I'll quit smoking eventually. Then I'll replace the hyperactivity negativity with positive exercise. I don't want another relapse.
1732	10.0	Very good medicine. Helped me out of three days of non stop panic attacks. Went to the ER and the doctor wrote me a prescription.
1733	10.0	This drug gave me my life back, seriously. I suffered a minor heart attack a couple of months ago, caused by a blocked artery. After taking a month off I was feeling fine. However, once I went back to work I would experience severe attacks where I had severe shortness of breath and dizziness. I also had similar attacks while driving. I ended up on the ER 3 times in 3 weeks because I thought I was having another attack. Turns out the severity of the panic/anxiety attacks was the root cause. I take one 1mg a day (2nd 1mg ONLY if necessary) and my life is back to normal.
1734	9.0	Ativan is great for anxiety flare-ups; especially when breathing or alternative methods won't cut it. However, certain manufacturers make their pills slightly differently and some seem to be more sedating and then I feel out of it. I wish there wasn't a price war for the least expensive medication so the pharmacy would stick to one brand. Even the generic isn't working to control my anxiety right now. When my pharmacy carries the right brand, it works perfectly for those fear and flee moments that I can't get under control.
1735	10.0	Truly a life saver. I take 1.0mg on an as needed basis. I like it that it doesn't give me a hang over and it is short acting for me- usually lasts 4 hours. Klonopin works the same but is longer lasting and a little stronger.
1736	5.0	I've had no obvious side effects except dry mouth. I had severe panic attacks (12-15 a day) before taking Ativan. I couldn't work and thought I was dying. Since I started it I have had only one full blown panic attack in 5 years.
1737	9.0	Effects are short-lived, but Ativan is great for acute panic episodes.  On the downside of things tolerance builds quickly.
1738	6.0	I was prescribed Ativan for anxiety due to working in a high stress job (prison). Once during a riot at work I had my first ever panic attack, my heart rate was so high that the on call nurse said if I hadn't taken Ativan I would have ended up in the ER. However I started treatment with Effexor XR and that has ceased all my anxiety, so I have recently been using the Ativan to help me sleep, and it works fine to help me relax.
1739	1.0	"My elderly dad was prescribed a low dose of Ativan for anxiety. Within 2 weeks he started having auditory hallucinations and could not sleep because the ""walls were talking to him"". After he passed every physical test in an emergency visit to the local ER- from a cat scan to blood work and everything in between, the psychiatrist on duty matter of factly told me that Ativan has been known to cause delirium in elderly patients. "
1740	10.0	This is the only treatment I found that made me feel like a normal human being again!
1741	9.0	I have heard people complain that Ativan is addictive, but I myself have been taking off and on for years and have had little dificulty in stopping at any time.
1742	8.0	My Dr. prescribed me sub-lingual Ativan 1mg for panic attacks. They work pretty well, though for bad episodes I need 2 or 3 pills. The sub-lingual pills take effect in 10 minutes which is awesome when you feel like you are going to die. I am also on an antidepressant for anxiety.
1743	10.0	Ativan helps when I start feeling panicky and to rest easier when I find it hard to relax.
1744	9.0	Great.
1745	10.0	I love this drug.  It helps to calm me down and keep me level headed even in times of extreme stress.  I honestly can not live without it.
1746	9.0	Fantastic! Have tried other medicines but this is by far the best for anxiety.
1747	10.0	This is a really good nerve pill. It does not make you feel tired.
1748	10.0	I was terrified of flying and my doctor prescribed me Ativan a day before my flight and 1 hour before my flight.  It works perfect for me.  Since then I don't have any panic/anxiety attack.  I enjoy every single trip I have now.
1749	10.0	a great med helps me alot
1750	10.0	After waking up from a bad dream, my BP read 185/100.  I was nervous the whole day and I remembered that I was prescribed Ativan for this kind of anxiety.  As prescribed (1/2 of .5 mg - as needed), I took the pill and after 15 minutes, my BP started going down - felt relaxed and had a good sleep.  Wonderful!
1751	10.0	Ativan is a life-line for me some days.
1752	9.0	Sleep, anxiety disorder or panic attacks, Ativan is very tolerable and very little side effects compared to Xanax and Klonapin (moody effects).
1753	7.0	Be careful when using ativan.  Do not take doses more than 1 or 2 mg.  It is easy to get carried away and addicted to Ativan.  I find that it is a very effective treatment for anxiety when the RECOMMENDED DOSES are used though though.
1754	9.0	Dentist prescribed 3 for my last visit. He said to take two (1mg tablets) an hour before coming in. Did so, and I have to say they worked well. Wasn't bothered by the dentist at all this time!
1755	9.0	there was a period of time when i kept going to the emergency room for chest pains and shortness of breath. my heart and everything checked out perfect. i went to the doctor and described these episodes i was having and he prescribed ativan 2mg and i have never experienced the tightness of the chest as often once i discovered i was having panic attacks. it is very helpful and not too sedative, and it might not work for everyone, if possible try small rx or samples first.
1756	6.0	Whenever I have a panic attack I have taken the 5mg dose and it seems to relieve the overwhelming feeling and I ca relax enough to re-group.
1757	10.0	I’ve been on 0.50mg Ativan for anxiety and insomnia for 10 plus years . It really calms me down and takes the edge off. I sleep through the night and wake up refreshed.  I can’t imagine not having it on hand. There are weeks I go without it , but it’s nice to have it at hands reach .  I recommend Ativan.
1758	9.0	I take lorazepam for anxiety and insomnia/disrupted sleep. When I take it for panic attacks, I feel like they are far more manageable, although sometimes not all of my anxiety symptoms remit after taking it. Lorazepam is also very helpful for sleep.  Usually I have trouble falling asleep and wake up often, and I often have vivid nightmares. When I take ativan, I fall asleep much more quickly and I tend to stay asleep. dditionally, it is usually pretty much dreamless.
1759	10.0	Have had depression and anxiety for most of my 65 years.  I have been treated for depression and am now on bupropion 300mg/daily.  It does not help with my anxiety which includes muscle stiffness and all over pain.  After my husband died and left a bottle of Ativan, a script he had been on for years, I started taking 1mg in the morning and at night.  I was amazed at the relief I received.  I've used Ativan many times in the past but no doctor will give it to me on a long term basis sighting addiction.  My husband took it daily for years.  Why am I not able to get a long term prescription? Ativan is a lifesaver for me, eliminates the muscle stiffness and pain and gives me energy. Doctors need to understand that patients know what helps their issues and allow them the medication needed in order to have quality of life, which I don't have right now.
1760	10.0	"I have been on and off lorazepam for 7 years now.  I will not take any other benzo.  I have GAD, and need help now and again.  Years ago I took it every day.  I was off for the last 2 years and controlling my GAD with diet, exercise, and meditation.  A car accident a few weeks ago brought the anxiety beast back with a vengeance. I got a low dose, 0.5.  
Now I remember why I choose this medication over all other.  I do not feel sleepy, drugged, out if control, nausea or dizzy.  For me it a magic little pill of calm and clear thinking.  
All the other benzos make me sleepy, sick, or I feel hung over afterwards.  Not with lorazepam, this is just calm and steady.  I can completely function once the panic monster has been appeased.  
I hope to not need them long term, as I would like to be controlled on my own once again, but until then, I will take it to help with the rough edges."
1761	10.0	"Have suffered with GAD for years with physical Anxiety.  Tried everything  the Dr got me to try  2.5 mg as and when required. Job done now I'm  back in the land of the living. 



"
1762	10.0	Helps with calming for panic attacks. Very fast and effective. Only side effect for me was drowsiness.
1763	1.0	I took a 0.5 Ativan for anxiety last night. It increased my anxiety and I couldn't sleep.
1764	10.0	This pill has been my safety net for my severe  anxiety attacks, panic attacks and ADHD. I have been taking this pill off and on for 6 years and have never been addicted to it. I take 0.5 during the day and it actually makes me feel like myself and sometimes even gives me more energy this pill has been a true life saver
1765	6.0	"This med was prescribed to me last year after my anxiety (&amp; BPD) got really bad after steroid knee injections. At that time, I'd only needed 4-5 doses but was prescribed enough for 30, so I saved the rest for ""emergency"" situations (times like now). It seems to be helpful for the chronic anxiety &amp; chronic insomnia I've been experiencing related to my various chronic pain conditions. Some negative things I've noticed with it are it makes my brain/pain fog worse, it increases/worsens some BPD symptoms &amp; it makes my fibromyalgia &amp; osteoarthritis knee pain worse. Otherwise, it's a pretty good medication."
1766	8.0	"I take it Lorazepam one hour before flying or if I'm scheduled for a long dental appointment. 

I break the pill into small pieces - so a little works very well to relax me. 

Before this, I had horrible situational anxiety (panic attacks) on planes and at the dentist."
1767	8.0	I recently developed panic attacks and anxiety , just thinking about anxiety makes you anxious.. at least for me. I was just prescribed 0.5 Ativan and 10 mg Lexapro for anxiety. I hope it works..I used to be on celexa but never really did much for me tbh. I'm hoping the withdrawals aren't bad.
1768	10.0	Works well in reducing severe chronic anxiety. When you start treatment, request a system where you can skip the med at least 1-2 days a week. Intermittent dosing allows you to keep track of the underlying anxiety condition,  and improves long-term efficacy. If you take the med without a break for years you can forget how unbearable chronic anxiety actually is, with intermittent dosing the benefits and drawbacks of being medicated vs unmedicated are very clear.
1769	9.0	I've been suffering from anxiety and panic attacks since escaping from an abusive marriage.. That created trauma, always being anxious.  Also the loss of loved ones in one year and the news I can't bare children. I had a breakdown. After treatment I started working again but my anxiety was constant. I was prescribed lorazepam and only take it when I have a very hectic day with my work. When I don't take it my anxiety gets so bad my entire body goes into a spasm.  I do long walks and creative crafts and gardening. Then I'm fine but in stressful situations I struggle so much. So it's helped me loads and enhanced the quality of my life.  I am taking heed of all precautions. Thank you
1770	8.0	"This particular med has helped me greatly through the death of my mom and other losses that came after. I took it at 0.5mg daily and now down to a quarter of that, as I break the pill in fours. The only con is slight blurred vision as well as slight memory loss, but that is a small price to pay for relieving what could have been. Bad anxiety. I am looking to be back to the ""as needed"" basis which hopefully will be rare."
1771	10.0	I was in a traumatic car accident. I ended up with severe anxiety. I ended getting panic attacks also. Thought I was going to die. Never took any anxiety pills before this accident. Now I'm taking Lorazepam - Ativan this works great for me. Oh my goodness! I'm reading the reviews. Everyone is different. Some works for some and some won't. It's a 50/50 chance like any drug. It depends on the severity of your diagnosis and how well your body can adapt to it. All depends. I can tell you this. It works for me. For now. My mom took it for 15 yrs. She's 64yrs old. It works great for her. Anyone taking this should walk, exercise or so a hobby you like. Sauna always helps. Anything relaxing helps. It decreases your anxiety and remember counselling or going to a support group helps. 
1772	10.0	I would not survive without being able to take this drug.
1773	8.0	"I've been taking lorazepam off and on for about 10 years.  My former PCP prescribed it because I have panic attacks when I fly, and I was going to be flying from the US to Australia.  It worked wonders.  As I was subsequently diagnosed with an anxiety disorder, I've been consistently re-prescribed this medication.  Fortunately for me, I don't have the anxiety attacks I once did, so I don't take this nearly as often as I used to (once a week, maybe?), and I never took it often enough to get addicted, but I can certainly see how easy it would be to get hooked.  Still, it's truly helped me when I needed it most, and still does when the nerves, nausea, and lightheadedness creep in.  

I've tried Xanax, and it didn't work nearly as well.  Correction: I tried Xanax, and it only worked for about half an hour.  Also, it did nothing to ease the nausea my anxiety brings about, but it works for my two closest friends, where Ativan doesn't.  Guess it all depends on your chemical makeup."
1774	8.0	Prescribed by G.P. for anxiety 4mg. A day approximately 10 years ago, along with Zopiclone for 15 mg. for insomnia.  I started to abuse both about 2 years ago.  Sitting in a Treatment Centre for Drug Addicts, while I type this.  Do not take Ativan or Zopiclone, easy to become addicted to both.  Went through Hell detoxing and it took 19 days to get off the Ativan.  There are better medications out there for you.
1775	10.0	Have taken ativan on and off ..more on than off for 24 years.  I have quit it for life and having terrible withdrawal symptoms.  Hot, cold, blurred vision memory loss. Please do take this medication.
1776	6.0	I was prescribed ativan I mg every 4 to 6 hours approximately 6 years ago. This was given to me by my primary care physician as I was randomly shaking and feeling sick without provocation. I am so confused by this drug. You see the withdrawals are the same as the symptoms it was prescribed for. I fear I am addicted to it. I work everyday and am a functional person, could I be addicted to this med? I try to wean off but it doesn't work. I feel dizzy sick and shaky every time I try. This is an awful feeling. I wish I never needed it.
1777	8.0	I have had a history of panic attacks for years.  Been to the  emergency room feeling like I was dying.  Felt almost as if I was having seizures.  Couldn't get deep breaths and would get dizzy and feelings of dread, nerves under eyes would literally ripple.  Went to ER about three years ago and thought I was having a heart attack,  and it was a panic attack.  Dr.  told me to get to a psychiatrist.  He started me on a low dose .5 mg three times a day.  Within about 6 months I was taking 5 mg a day.  I was getting 75 2mg tablets per month (so 2 1/2 pills a day).  I know it is a lot but does keep my anxiety at bay.  Problem is if I don't take a dose at night thinking I don't need it,  I wake up feeling terrible.  This is not a medicine that will be easy to ever come off of I know.  At least my life is tolerable again though. It makes me a little drowsy sometimes but not too bad.
1778	8.0	After years of crippling anxiety, Lorazepam gave me the most wonderful feeling of calm I have ever experienced. Unfortunately, as with other benzos, it doesn't last forever and you have to take more to get the same effect. If they could make a drug that continues to make you feel that calm, it would be a wonderful thing!
1779	5.0	Be careful with this sneaky drug at first it works great but very quickly I mean  within days it is highly addictive before you know it you’ll be using it daily and withdrawal syndrome associated with benzo’s is horrible. Use with caution
1780	6.0	Helps for my insomnia better then it does for my anxiety. But I have Klonopin and Xanax for my many panic and forms of anxiety.
1781	4.0	I have tried multiple medications for anxiety and found this one to be the least effective. For my panic attacks it does not work as well as klonopin which I found to be the best. Maybe I'm on too low of a dose (.5mg) but I need to go back to my doctor and ask to try something different.
1782	9.0	I was prescribed Ativan for panic attacks due to anxiety, and it has worked wonderfully well. After trying many different antidepressants and seeing no results, my doctor prescribed me 1mg Ativan for use as needed. As soon as I feel a panic attack coming on, I take a tablet - within 10 minutes, I start to feel calm, safe and relaxed. It’s a tremendously useful “emergency stop” button for panic attacks. The idea of having a medication that can stop a panic attach should one come on allows me to feel safe and relaxed throughout the day.
1783	10.0	"It’s much better than any other benzodiazepine, it causes I think less dependence and it’s so effective for anxiety, panic disorder. For insomnia perhaps it’s good with another coming along with.
I really recommend it. I have tried other ones before and with diazepam and this one it’s the best."
1784	8.0	I have  taken lorazepam off and on for about 17 years.  Sometime high anxiety events come up, like losing your job, or finding out someone spend all your money, or the loss of a love one in your family.  I don't abuse this drug. It has the potential to be very addictive.  Getting off it can be very rough.  In the last 10 years, I take it, very sparingly.  Only 1  .5MG, and I try not to take it more than 2 days in a row.  I tried to learn to reduce the anxiety or pressure by other methods like running, reading music etc.  I tried to space it out usage at least 2 to 3 weeks even if I am going through a most difficult time like now, with the loss of my son.  It's not a cure, since u body requires more the more you use.
1785	8.0	About 4 years ago I started having early-morning awakening/insomnia/anxiety after excessive alcohol consumption the night before. Discovered that I could prevent this by taking diazepam my wife had lying around. When this ran out my GP prescribed lorazepam 0.5 mg. Gradually this lost effectiveness (tolerance) so I quit, also cut down on alcohol. A year ago I had a stressful situation and started 0.5 mg daily for a month, but was able to stop again with no side effects. However, my early-morning awakening/insomnia/anxiety had become chronic and independent of alcohol. A month ago I started 0.5 mg daily for 10 days, had a severe withdrawal, had to taper off. So, yes, like others wrote here: it works great, but not for chronic use.
1786	10.0	"During several years of dealing with a psychotic family member in the home, I was on any number of psych meds. Ativan is the only one that works reliably when dealing with a screaming nutcase on a continuing basis. It's smoothing out the rough patches of the divorce now too.

When I am under constant stress, I take 0.5mg 3 times a day.

DO NOT discontinue suddenly. Taper off 0.5mg per day or every other day - You want to taper off over at least 5 days."
1787	10.0	I have had various SSRI's and etc - nothing worked. Just gone on 2.5mg ativan and feel it has saved my life. Seems I had crippling anxiety without being aware of it, as no panic attacks etc. So there are some people with bad experiences,  but do not generalise.
1788	10.0	I had a nervous breakdown last year. Thought death was imminent and I would go to hell. My psychiatric CNP would not prescribe benzos. I was completely terrified, like a 2 month long panic attack. Went to the ER twice. They gave me ativan and I felt blissful relief.  Right back to the terror the next day.  I have a prescribing psychologist now who would give it to me if I needed it. But finally got prescribed clonazepam. It was okay but not nearly as good as the ativan. I used it for a while until the morbid dread subsided, had no rebound problems. Maybe if I took it for months on end I would. But nothing but benzos worked for me.
1789	8.0	Miracle drug for short term use. You get withdrawal problems after u grow a dependence to it.  It will be dangerous like alcohol  if you stop cold turkey. You have got to tapper off but works really good if u use when u get anxiety
1790	2.0	Makes me more anxious. Higher doses are worse.
1791	10.0	I started out being prescribed lorazapam for anxiety. Which works wonders for me. I also have chronic nausea with unknown cause and I noticed that when I feel really nauseated whether its from anxiety or some other reason it completly takes it away! It is truly a miracle medicine for me. Only down fall is it can be addictive and if I  take it daily on a consistent basis. I did notice when I don't take it I get shaky all through my body which is not a nice feeling at all and my head gets dizzy and just a weird feeling. I would definitely recommend lorazapam to anyone who suffers from anxiety, nervousness or nausea. It is wonderful!
1792	9.0	I have been taking Lorazepam 1mg as needed for about 6 months for Panic Disorder. It is the only thing I have found that helps me with minimal side effects. It is just frustrating dealing with doctors and psychiatrists who do not like the drug and want to keep experimenting on me with different drugs. I feel like my anxiety would calm down significantly if I was allowed to take this at a small dose every day, rather than only when I have panic attacks but for now I am following doctor's orders.
1793	8.0	Been on this medication for about a year now and I'm positive it works for me. I was diagnosed with MS and had a lot of anxiety and depression.  This drug helps me calm down and take a different approach to things.
1794	10.0	That medication saved my life. I was having panic and anxiety. Ativan helps me to function normally. It a magic medication. All anxiety and panic disappear on it. I'm very thankful for that medication.
1795	7.0	For immediate relief this drug is great. I take 0.5mg when I absolutely need it (2-3x every couple months.) but only reason I wouldn't give it a 9 or 10 because I did have a bad experience with this drug. I took it for 7 days straight 3x .5mg per day as prescribed by my doctor for generalized anxiety disorder. I abruptly stopped taking it because I didn't want to have to take it everyday and I ended up going thru a withdraw. I then got vertigo for a couple months, which was absolutely terrible. BUT I think it you use this drug responsibly and do NOT take it multiple days in a row it can definitely come in handy. I also have high blood pressure caused by anxiety, and usually get effective relief after about 30 minutes. Hang in there!
1796	10.0	"I am a 35 year old female with Bipolar Disorder Type 1 and generalised anxiety.  I've been taking lorezapam off and on for about seven years, only during panic attacks or particularly bad spells when my anxiety can't be managed by the coping techniques I've learned over the years through CBT, mindfulness meditation, etc, and my daily mental health medications (quetiapine, venlafaxine, and topiramate).

When I do need to use it lorezapam is a godsend.  It works more quickly than diazepam, which I'd previously tried, which is what you want when you're in the midst of a panic attack or suffering badly with anxiety.  It's very effective without being too much and I haven't had any side effects, just slight sedation."
1797	10.0	"So with my Schizoaffective disorder, in the mornings I get moody and grumpy and little stressed, so I take 1 mg before going to work and in 30 minutes exactly magic happens and I feel relaxed and calm which leads to better communication at work since I'm a peer support worker.
works great 10/10"
1798	7.0	Taking 1-2mg as needed for panic disorder. I try to limit taking it 2, 3 times a week and only when my anxiety is so bad I can not cope with it on my own. I do not want to be on antidepressants because of the side effects so this is a great option for me.
1799	10.0	"I have had severe anxiety for a couple of years. My attacks get so bad, I feel I need to run as far away as I can. Taking Lorazepam 3mg a day has been a tremendous help. I have read comments about going off the medicine and the difficult withdrawls, but if something works in your personal lifestyle where nothing else has, why shouldn't you be able to stay on this medication as long as you need it? It's like high blood pressure. If you have it and can't get it under control, medications are key. No one starts telling you that you should stop the medication.
For some, Lorazepam is a lifesaver. Maybe not for everyone, but for me, in my situation it is."
1800	10.0	I forgot how well this stuff works. I've been using Ativan every so often for six years. I hadn't taken it in ages but had a panic attack tonight and I feel really good now after taking it. I know when my anxiety was a lot worse, it didn't bring me down to 0 anxiety but took the edge off. At one point in the past I was taking it pretty much daily but never became dependent on it (I only take the 0.5mg dose). I do feel kind of sleepy, but pleasantly so. In my experience the sublingual (under the tongue) type works a lot better than the normal swallowed pills.
1801	10.0	If I take 3mg's this works very well for anxiety and it works quickly, the only thing is it usually also makes me sleepy so I try to only take it when I know I can go take a nap if need be, other than that no complaints.
1802	9.0	"I'd been having problems with insomnia and anxiety, both conditions feeding off each other and making the other worse and creating mild depression. My GP prescribed 0.5mg to be taken at bed time as needed, to be increased to 1mg if needed (only gave me 14 tablets as they are habit forming). Amazing results! I slept through the night and woke feeling calm and NORMAL for the whole next day AND the day after! I've taken 3 doses in the last 11 days, and took 1mg after a particularly stressful day with the same good results. No side effects of note except for a very mild headache 24 hours after the first dose. 

I'm expecting to have a decreased need for these after starting a new job in the next week but so happy to have them to get me through."
1803	1.0	"I was given a double dose of Ativan IV in the hospital and 1mg dose pills for home!
Only took .25 on occasion and now I'm having withdrawal symptoms!Can anyone answer my question about Ativan being addictive with only .25 mg occasionally?"
1804	10.0	They work very well
1805	1.0	You would have to be crazy to take Ativan.  I took 1-2 mg 2x a day for 6 months and had withdrawal symptoms for almost 4 years after stopping over a 2 week period per my doctor. If you think your life is bad before taking Ativan just wait until you experience the withdrawal and after effects of this poison.  After 2 years still had vibrating hyper sensitive vision and hearing .  Burning in your nerves especially in your feet.  Forget sleep all you do is lie in bed awake for me almost 2 years dreaming while awake.  That part was the most torturous part of the med.  The FDA needs to remove Ativan from FDA approval immediately.
1806	2.0	Used at a funeral, supposed to take 0.5mgs, did not work at all.  Took another, and another, and another.  Maybe my doctor sucks, or maybe Ativan sucks.  Do yourself a favor and get some Xanax if needed for occasional anxiety.
1807	10.0	I have been dx with bipolar, anxiety and depression. Although I rarely am depressed. My anxiety has caused me several trips to the ER. Shortness of breath, hyperventilating, nausea and chest pain. My lungs are already in the second stage of hereditary emphysema (aka) Alpha 1 Antitrypsin Deficiency. When my lungs are having difficulty moving and exchanging gases my anxiety is already on edge ... However when the anxiety gets worse my shortness of breath gets worse.. Furthermore has landed me in ICU. Recently after trial and errors I was prescribed barbiturates. An ER doctor prescribed me Ativan. I have saw a tremendous difference in my anxiety. My family practitioner has added paxil to take with it. It has been a week so far, I am feeling so much healthier
1808	9.0	I rate this 9/10 because I haven't used it enough.  I have agoraphobia and anxiety/panic disorder.  Lately, it has been hard for me to leave my house and so I would get anxious inside the car and then at the destination.  Moment I woke, I took 0.5mg on an empty stomach to let it kick in while I brush, change clothes, and later eat.  By time I leave the house, I noticed I didn't feel any hesitation to step out.  The car ride was calm.  I didn't sweat, no feelings of wanting to panic.  I was able to browse clothes and shoes without having to do my usual breathing exercises to keep myself relaxed.  It enabled me to shop without worry, panic, and rushing.  I have only taken it twice, a month apart.  No drowsiness or sleepiness for me.
1809	2.0	"I've been using ativan for anxiety and insomnia for the last 5 or so years.  Lately I have been having side effects after taking only 1-2 pills at night for sleep.  It does help me fall asleep but the next day I wake up nauseous.  And I'm nauseous all day.  Another weird side effect that it seems no one else has experienced is that my skin feels weird, like my fingers feel like there is a coating on them...It's hard to describe but it happens every time I take ativans.
I get no side effects like this from valium or xanax.  I hope my doctor will switch for me."
1810	10.0	At the age of 29, I've developed anxiety and it's gotten progressively worse, with me ending up in the ER for what I thought was a panic attack. After evaluating me, the doctor confirmed I'd had a panic attack and had the nurse give me an Ativan. I came to to the ER in tears, unable to control my breathing, feeling suffocated, body tingling, nauseous, face numb, the whole 9 yards. After taking the Ativan, I was feeling completely back to normal within 15 minutes, I could not believe it! They gave me a short prescription for it until I can follow up with my health care provider and it really is such a miracle drug that really calms the anxiety, allows you to think clearly, and feel relaxed.
1811	10.0	I dealt with troubled sons. One did 12 years of Angola La State Pen. He came to  worked for me for some years. Was extremely stressful to deal with an ex-convict in weather in construction bricklaying business. A bit later my youngest Son moved out. He got with awful drug addicts. Did Meth, Coke, Vodka. Tore up apartments, his own house fora sum of $32,000 coming off meth. He did $10,000 damage on a 1999 super Dodge Dakota.  Lorazepam saved my life. I'm a 225 lb man, 76 years old. I started 20 years ago. Worked for me in 30 minutes, I felt calm and hope come over me. I take 2mg morning and night.  Why would I care if this addiction makes me feel good. You shouldn't care either if this addition helps you cope. It's a miracle drug. Thank God!
1812	1.0	"I was prescribed this a few months ago getting anxiety while driving. The prescription is '0.5 mg once a day as needed."" I have taken it about 3-5 times a week, a few times I have taken it twice a day. I have been having family issues recently, and I first thought that was the reason my occasional anxiety has progressed to debilitating (flying off the handle, depressive dying thoughts, chest pains) but  after research I've concluded that I'm actually going through withdrawal when I don't take it everyday. Now it's 2:36 AM, I'm scared, mind won't shut off,  don't know how to wean off of this properly. I'm  tired, will be calling into work in the morning for lack of sleep. Please do not take this and just get counselling for your anxiety first"
1813	10.0	15 years of trying different medications to help me cope with my anxiety disorders. Unfortunately for me as the drug addict I once was, has made it almost impossible to get prescribed lorazepam. Even though lorazepam is not a drug I've ever abused, it still is extremely difficult to obtain a prescription. I tell you that nothing is impossible. This medication alone, has saved my life. It's effects are strangely different than that of other benzodiazepines. My opinion, Just take RX exactly as prescribed by your Dr. and utilize coping skills such as DBT, to further your success in managing/coping with a crippling disorder such as anxiety. Lorazepam is highly effective, instant reduction in anxious thoughts/feelings/emotions, and is proven.
1814	10.0	I am a nervous flyer and my anxiety has been getting particularly bad, so I decided to go to my family doc and get a prescription. My doc gave me ativan and said to take 1 mg 1 hour before the flight. I took 1 mg exactly as she told me and then another 0.5 mg midway through the flight.During the flight, I felt completely calm and at peace, which has never happened before. Highly recommend for infrequent fliers with anxiety
1815	1.0	Have been taking this for situational anxiety for many years. It worked to some degree but I would always feel depressed afterwards which was awful. Last year I used it daily up to 1.5mg while I was changing my anti-depressant. This was a huge mistake. I soon reached the tolerance and began to get rebound anxiety which started up every morning. I've been off of it for 10 weeks now and still suffering. This is really hard to come off of. My advise is don't take this more than once a week and that may be too much. My anxiety is so much worse because of lorazepam.
1816	10.0	Excellent medicine, I take it only as needed but beware, for me at least, massive and rapid weight gain has occurred on it, I was a consistent 130 pounds for the last 3 years, within a month of starting it I've gained 25 pounds. Which for me is great, I needed the weight gain, for others though, take caution in this. For me this drug has been phenomenal and I can take it once and feel good for days.
1817	7.0	"I am told I am a reasonably intelligent 64 yo. In all honesty my Mother is probably a little biased.  
I have suffered and I do mean suffered severe bouts of anxiety and debilitating depression for over 50 years. As you might Imagine I have seen everybody, tried every remedy under God's sun. 

Drug companies in this and most other countries are motivated by one thing ONLY. Greed/MONEY and getting more. If someone can be helped as a side effect along the way, it makes great press but it sure isn't essential. 

I found a Loooooong time ago that I had to do the research into my own personal condition, that I had to in essence, become my own Doctor."
1818	9.0	"This does work for anxiety and seems generally safe and with little side effects. I personally do not like the long term effects of the drug and wish it was more of a 30 min to 3 hour effect. But this is great. My first choice would be Xanax, this a great second.

There is some short term memory blanks, and more difficultly in concentration at times, also a slight sleepy feeling.

I do not feel any addiction aspects to this drug. I can take it, or leave it. I noticed when I do have anxiety, and take it, this helps the episode resolve sooner.

If I have anxiety and don't take it, I get through it longer, and may have other problems associated with the stress on my body.

I see no need to take this for recreational reasons, it is not fun?"
1819	2.0	I've been taking Lorazapam for many years but usually not more than once a week for really bad anxiety. The problem is it's addictive and you want and need to take more to get the relief you were getting before. So the more you take, the higher the tolerance and you need to keep going up and taking it more often. Another problem is the half life for Lorazapam is between 4 and 8 hours. This means you should really take it 3 times per day. If you don't you start getting reflex anxiety. After the dosage wears out your anxiety goes up. This was what I experienced and I went through the worst time in my 17 years. 8 weeks ago I stopped taking Lorazapam and switched to Diazapam to taper off. I suggest staying off this drug.
1820	1.0	This drug is the devil. The first few doses work like magic. After 1 week a hellish withdrawal starts kicking in about 2 hours after taking each dose. Impossible to ween off of without a doctor who's familiar with this highly addictive drug.
1821	9.0	This medication works at reducing anxiety, and the only negative effect is slight drowsiness. I just take 0.25 mg at a time so I'm not too drowsy. I'm getting a little annoyed at how hard it can be to get it from doctors seeing as it works for me.
1822	1.0	Sitting here shaking in my boots this stuff is weak 1mg 3 times a day
1823	8.0	I take lorazepam for social anxiety. It seems to help. I feel more relaxed and talkative when I take it.  It also helps me with severe depression.
1824	3.0	I have taken many anxiety and anti-depressants medications in the last 25 years. I have taken Lorazepam for last 13 years when needed , but for the last 2 years my dosage was increased from 1mg a day to 3mg  a day every 8 hours , due to 7 close family members and 4 friends passing away. This is when the trouble started it did not work anymore , Doctor suggested I try clonazepam this lasted about three days , thought I was dying. His next step was to wean me off Lorazepam with Diazepam , I told him that I would not use a benzo to come off a benzo , then tells me too take 1mg a day for 30 days , realized he did not know what he was talking about or what to do. Then I went to my Pharmacy and asked her how do I taper off safely . Thanks to her we now have a plan
1825	10.0	"IF you use this drug JUDICIOUSLY, it can a God send.  I take 1 mg 3 to 4 times a week, never passing 5 (and rarely hitting 5).  99% of the time I take it right at bedtime to get a bomb sleep.  The next day, the world is beautiful.  I am lucky; I can feel the drug working for 13 hours every time.  And when it wears off, I still feel superb.  I am a better person with this inexpensive medication in my life!

I have been taking ativan for 10 years.  The routine above has been consistently done for 3 years.  Consider a low dose SSRI; I have been taking 10 mg of Cipralex/Lexapro for 18 months.  I wish I had this figured out years ago!  Good Luck."
1826	7.0	Very effective but coming off is not fun. I wouldn't take it unless you have to I have severe anxiety and mild OCD and I'm choosing just not to take it. Side effects are real with this medicine. You'll be calm but at a price.
1827	10.0	I know that many, including myself are not in favour of the pharmaceutical industry yet, when this drug literally saves your life, i.e. prevents suicidal ideation, can you really hate the industry, then? Think about that.
1828	3.0	"So I have anxiety all of the time. But it's not the textbook rocking and shaking anxiety...it's the negative and obsessive thoughts-that something horrible will come if every situation.  
I have an as needed Rx for lorazepam and honestly I don't know if I like it. I feel like it makes me groggy enough but never takes the anxiety away. It almost feels like I hover over it but it's still underlying."
1829	9.0	I have anxiety and sleeping problems. I like Xanax a little better I think.  But Ativan still helps. Not from me because I haven't tried it yet but I heard if you like Xanax you have to double up on the Ativan from Xanax from 1mg to 2 and it would feel the same. That Ativan is weaker but has a longer shelf life. Regardless I would recommend this med out if you have sleeping problems or anxiety. There's usually a hard time for me to find a medium for me. I'm either too happy or to sad. Ativan n other benzo's give me that.
1830	6.0	This drug does help with anxiety. But this drugs attack on your mind and your soul when you suddenly quit this med is hell!!! I advise everyone to stay away from benzos. They will rob you of your life and your sanity. I have recently stumble across a amino acid that works better than a .5mg of lorazepam. It has no side effects and is actually good for you!!! Its called L theanine. This is a amazing natural supplement for anxiety and phobias. Its 100% safe and it works better for me than lorazepam. I take 400 mg a day. 200mg in the morning and 200mg with a 3mg melatonin at night for restful sleep. I stopped benzos after being on them for 2 years for horrible panic and anxiety 5 days ago. I started this regimen 2 days ago and it killed the withdrawals.
1831	10.0	Hands down, the best immediate solution for anxiety or panic attacks. I prefer Ativan to other benzos and it usually lifts my depression too, even suicidal thoughts ( well for the few hours that it works). Just be very careful not to become addicted but this is extremely helpful as an occasional tool in stressful situations. DO not take every day for many days unless instructed so, but even then do your research.
1832	1.0	I've been struggling with depression but mostly anxiety for 16 years. I take an antidepressant and last year I tried to change it three times.  During this time I began to use Lorazapam daily and began to increase it when it wasn't working for me. Needless to say this was the worst year ever.  My anxiety symptoms were hell. After reading about Lorazapam and the problems with tolerance, rebound anxiety, looping and withdrawal, I realized my problem was not the antidepressants but Lorazapam. If you take it once a month or several times per year it could help and shouldn't hurt you, but if you take it every day, you are asking for trouble. my recommendation is avoid Lorazapam at all costs.
1833	10.0	hi this is very good medicines for anxiety treatment , you can use it for when your suffer depression and anxiety. I have also take this for last 2 months before.
1834	9.0	I have had anxiety all my life,  only after loosing my mom  I realize she had it before it was named. I have used anti depressant then learned meditation and exercise techniques and become med free. Now at 65 the monster is back, 0.5 Lorazepam twice a week is great. But if I go back to work more a week might be needed. We will see.
1835	10.0	I've had extremely bad anxiety, panic attacks, and mood swings. This medicine is wonderful. It's not very strong but it takes the edge off. I'd recommended to anyone with anxiety.
1836	10.0	"Hi All

Im a young man 24 years old, I have several issues with my brain since many years ago.... I have a Major Depression, GAD, SAD, OCD, and Panic Disorder.

I've been tried many option, i tried Hypnotherapy, Emotional Therapy, CBT , also I been to some psychiatrist in Indonesia and Singapore.

Finally I met the best psychiatrist in my country, and with him I found best med and finally cure my problem. You all have to try this too and talk to your psychiatrist to ask for prescription.

Every Morning I take 1mg Ativan
and
Every Night I take 5mg Zyprexa and 150mg Zoloft

Please try this, please.. Enjoy your life..
Also CBT is good as well..."
1837	10.0	"I have a ""emergencies only"" prescription for 1mg of lorazapam, so I don't take it every day. I average about two doses a month. But even at that low level of usage, lorazapam has changed my life! I no longer have to suffer through lengthy bouts of my heart pounding and being nearly frozen from anxiety. I keep some with me wherever I go, and even if I don't need to take it, it's very comforting to know it's there if I do. It may have even saved my life on a number of occasions. I am so grateful that a doctor suggested trying lorazapam."
1838	6.0	This is my first time taking Ativan. I just started having panic attacks about 2 weeks ago. The Dr. prescribed 1mg. The directions says to take one twice a day, but I'm on gonna take it as needed. The reason being is because lots of reviews from others said it could become addictive. So far it has worked very fine. I only have the attacks at night. When my boyfriend is away for work out of town I tend to worry a lot about taking care of the kids n staying home alone with them by myself. When he's around I feel safe and I sleep like a charm. I hope this will only be temporary. Ativan works fast!!! Definitely a life saver.
1839	10.0	I've  been on/off benzodiazapines for about 20 years.  I am now back on ativan 1mg 3 times a day for anxiety/panic attacks and insomnia.  I know I need an increase in dose soon, as it no longer relaxes me as much as it used to.  I find ativan to be the best benzo.  I've tried xanax, (which made me sleepwalk), valium, (which doesn't affect me really).  I think I will stick to ativan and after 20 minutes, I feel a lot better.  relaxed.
1840	9.0	I take Lorazepam 1mg for anxiety. It really helps. My symptoms are heart racing, rescuing thoughts, sharing, hard to breathe, and the worst is heat flashes because I turn red and it makes me more embarrassed.. The only concern I have is when I take it consistently is good. But, I ran out a couple times. It's usually 2 or 3 days before I fill it. I noticed during those days I have more anxiety than I did before I ever started taking it. I would only get heat flashes one a week or so before I started this medication. The days I missed it I had an average 2-3 a day. I don't want this medication to make me worse.. Also, I feel like my memory and focus have decreased. I'm thinking of switching. Just sucks because I really like it otherwise.
1841	9.0	It helps me to not only become calm but to stay that way and if I take it at night it helps me sleep better along with my Ambien.
1842	9.0	"I have bipolar, anxiety PTSD.
I'm currently on and off new meds because of trial and error.
Lithium didn't work, valium didn't work, the only thing that's been working to keep the extreme anxiety down is the lorazapam. 
I only take it just hefore I go into work and its wonderful I can calmly power through my 10 hour shifts with ease"
1843	5.0	I've been taking Cipralex 20mg in the morning and 15mg Remeron at night and would take from 0.5mg to 1mg of lorazapam in the morning as this is when my anxiety is worst. Since my anxiety was not improving, I decided to get off the Remeron to reduce the Seratonin. Remeron was great for helping me sleep but the withdrawal was awful. I decided to use lorazapam to help me sleep which worked well for a while. Without the Remeron my morning anxiety became better and I started to have better days. This only lasted about a week. Pretty soon I was having sleeping problems and the lorazapam didn't help my daily anxiety either and in fact at times I felt worse. This is the downfall of lorazapam. You build up a tolerance and have to increase the dose.
1844	9.0	Elevated heart rate, sweating, chills, tingles/numbness and shortness of breath, blurred vision, chest pain, can't breathe... You name it I've felt it lol. I nearly overdosed on alcohol and cocaine when I was in high school. Made me realize I wasn't invincible and I have been an anxiety and panic sufferer ever since. Its only been about 13 years with the attacks but about 4 years ago I thought I was having a heart attack for the millionth time (hooked up to a machine and blood was all clear as always lol) and after the doctor prescribed Lorazepam and it has saved me many times. Including today lol. ONLY TAKE WHEN NEEDED. I HAVE AN ADDICTIVE PERSONALITY AND IT WOULD BE EASY TO USE THESE AS A CRUTCH. I only take one every couple days now.
1845	9.0	I have been dealing with anxiety now for bout 2 months. I'm worried that it will never go away. When I take the medication I feel so much better, however I'm am worried about being depended on the drug and withdrawal.
1846	8.0	From (way) past experiences, lorazepam works better than diazepam (Valium) or alprazolam (Xanax) when comparing correctly converted dosages, administered for the same purposes of anxiolysis for clinically significant anxiety related to adjustment disorders, and potentization of concurrently administered fentanyl or other narcotic for outpatient procedures, whether of a  surgical nature, or diagnostic and imaging procedures for an individual who may have difficulty remaining still for extended periods of time, as in an MRI.  While midazolam (Versed) is the traditional benzo- favorite to be combined with fentanyl via IV, especially for the better retro- and anteriograde amnesia it usually provides, midazolam is difficult to obtain by pill.
1847	10.0	"I have been experiencing periodic anxiety attacks ever since my house caught on fire, five years ago. Doc initially prescribed two Ativan a day, one in the morning and one at night. It worked great, but I didn't like the drowsy side effect in the morning. But, I will tell you, it is a life saver to quell off an attack that's in full gear or one that you feel coming on. As I write this, I just woke up in the middle of an attack and took 1 mg and am starting to come down after an hour. I only take them as needed now, so I don't build up a tolerance to the medication.

I hope this was helpful to a few of you that suffer out there too."
1848	9.0	An excellent medication, out of all meds I tried none were as effective for managing my PTSD symptoms. Completely prevented flashbacks and nightmares and anxiety at night and allowed me to fall asleep very calmly. However I can't give it a 10 because I gained tolerance to the doses incredibly quickly, meaning I had to keep raising the dose to get the same effect, which is dangerous because it is a drug you can become physically addicted to. I would highly recommend this med to those seeking a short term fix while they are becoming stable on another long term med, but would not recommend it as a long term fix due to tolerance and addiction possibilities.
1849	2.0	I took 2mg one night at the ER because I was having a panic attack and it worked quickly. But tonight I took 1mg before going to the mall on black friday because I knew it would be crowded and I'd get overwhelmed, so I took 1mg in advance before I went and it did nothing for me whatsoever. I left overwhelmed and very irritated after 15 minutes. I'm home now and feeling very irritated by the whole experience.
1850	10.0	So I've been dealing with anxiety for a while but never took anything for it until now. I've noticed that it has made me very tired, very drowsy, and dizzy. I like that I am not having anxiety attack but the side effects do concern me.
1851	10.0	"I am on lexapro since I was 16, so for the past basically five years I've struggled with anxiety. My doctor decided about three weeks ago to give me ativan as a ""break the glass kind of emergency"" immediate anxiety relief. I've only used it twice since then and I don't know how to describe this medicine other than quiet. It makes everything so quiet. and for someone with anxiety, its a miracle. I've learned what the on-set of an attack looks like, and by taking this medicine within thirty minutes I am calm, collected and have completely avoided what might have been a mental breakdown. Honestly, this drug is such a life saver. It does make you a little sleepy but nothing at all unbearable. I can take it any time of the day. its amazing."
1852	9.0	Ativan is very good for anxiety. The trick is not to take it too often. I've found that I get used to dosages fast. I've also found that on the day following when I take it, I'm more tired, listless, and depressed. It's something to watch out for.
1853	7.0	"I was honestly writing for the last 30 mins while having an attack and I had taken one of my pills and I'm now sitting here ""fine"" ... also the page got closed and deleted all that I had been writing but it was probably for the better because I was honestly crying my heart out .."
1854	9.0	About a week ago I experienced a somewhat traumatic event that kept me awake at night. I felt as soon as the sun went down my anxiety started to gradually rise until I had pain in my chest and was hypventilating. Nothing could calm me down or get me to sleep. I finally went to see my doctor and he gave me 10 days of Ativan. Last night was the first time I took one, or any benzo for that matter, and it was like a miracle worker. Within 10 minutes of taking one 0.5g sublingual tab it's like all the anxiety in me went out the window. I felt I still needed to control my thoughts to steer away from provoking an attack but it sincerely helped calm me down to a point where I felt safe and was able to sleep. Definitely recommend.
1855	5.0	Lorazepam is a good medication in low doses for anxiety. Personally, if I took more than 1mg, I experienced dizziness, double vision, the exact side effects I have with Ambien, which I use for a completely different reason. However, it does calm you down. If I had to be specific, it slows down your thoughts. It doesn't get rid of them and put you in some euphoric state, but it helps significantly. Unfortunately this calmness for me came with side effects I'd expect from a sedative, even at low doses.
1856	10.0	I'm speaking from nearly 10 years suffering from severe generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder. On a 1-10 scale, I'd say my anxiety is at a 12 on most days. My first panic attack brought me to the ER where I was introduced to the world of psychiatric meds, specifically, Ativan. What I will say to all of those who consider taking any benzodiazepines for their anxiety or panic attacks is that there is no benzo I would rather choose than Ativan. It provides not only relief from anxiety and panic attacks, but generally quells anxiety prone symptoms such as nausea, irritability etc., most effectively. I have never experienced much of a withdrawal effect, if at all, and the smaller half-life means less accumulation in your system.
1857	9.0	I have used this medicine for inner ear problems, dizziness, that causes anxiety  for 15 years 1.5 mg per day along with 100mg of Zoloft  with very little side efects. It has helped me live with stress and anxiety that I had with my ear problem. Yes the Doctors don't know why this helps with inner ear problem, but that is O.K. it works. I know that Doctors are concerned about abuse and that sure can happen to a addictive person. I have never used more than what has been prescribed to me.  This may some day come back to hurt me, but I am 72 now and it has significantly improved my quality of life. Any questions you want ask me. At rutoft64@gmail.com
1858	10.0	this medicine saves my life when I'm having a panic attack. wish I could take this every day but it's addictive and I'm told to only take as needed. I also have IBS and this makes everything go away. when I take this I never have IBS I can eat whatever I want no worries and sleep amazing!! I'm starting Paxil as my every day and this just as needed so we will see how that goes. lorazepam saved my life though
1859	10.0	"I had major issues with anxiety for last 5 years--My doctor put me on Lorazepam-1MG x 2 a day.
I was having major fatigue, could not handle any stress, and was withdrawing in my career. I am
a nashville recording artist and for years on stage in concerts without any issues.  Anyway I am
so much better now --pills give me peace of mind, sleep so much better, and back in action.---
I highly recommend Lorazepam to anyone who is trying to deal day to day with anxiety and panic
attacks. Life is tough and much more complicated than in the days past. My best to you"
1860	9.0	I have had a prescription for Ativan for about 6 years. This was given to me after a diagnosis of GAD that was taking over my life. I have tried many SSRIs, SNRIs, and several off label drugs, but none helped. Most actually seemed to make my condition worse. I would take 0.5 - 1mg of Ativan on occasions when I felt out of control, and it would bring me relief. I have taken 0.5 - 1 mg in a day only as perscribed. Sometimes I have taken it daily for three months at this dosage. I was always terrified about the withdrawals you read so much about if you stop taking this, but I am perhaps one of the lucky ones who, at this dosage, can simply stop with no bad effects. I regularly stop for months at a time.
1861	8.0	Please, as a human being to others, DO NOT ABRUPTLY STOP TAKING THIS MEDICATION! Only after one month on this medication, I quit it and went through living HELL on earth! This is a very serious medication. God Bless.
1862	10.0	I've got severe anxiety and panic attacks. I've been using lorazepam/avitan for a couple years now to help stop my panic attacks. I can always count on it to work. Last night my anxiety was through the roof. My mind wouldn't stop racing, my chest hurt, and it felt like I was being stabbed in the gut repeatedly. I want to cry but I knew if I did I would for sure have an attack and wasn't sure if I could cope right since I was home alone. I keep a vial of my prescription on my keys and took one tablet. In about half an hour I no longer felt like I was dying and was able to get some rest a little after that. I think if I didn't have this med I would have ended up at the hospital last night.
1863	9.0	I was super against taking medication. I've started dealing with anxiety (some depression) for awhile now. I got prescribed Ativan months ago, and never took it. I thought I could handle myself again but then my relationship started to fail because of my over thinking. I went back to the doctor, and decided to try it. She prescribed me .50 3 times a day. I took a full one at night after a bad panic attack, and within 30 minutes I was calm and slept through the entire night. I have only been taking a half morning and mid afternoon and full at night because it does make you feel tired. My brain is in a slight fog, but nothing crazy, I still know whats going on though :) Give it a try if you are suffering. You will know after 1.
1864	1.0	"Before I explain, let me start off by saying; I do not take meds, not even for a headache.. this is a very rare circumstance. My Dr knows this and will ask me if I'm going to fill the prescription as to not waste either of our time. I usually say no and we discuss non medicinal ways to cope. 
This time I said yes and got .5mg lorazepam and in the 3 days I've taken them I'm more anxious!"
1865	7.0	"The withdrawal of this medicine was very close to my image of hell. It was awful and lasted one whole month. 

Awful. Sweats. Insomnia. Shakes. Hallucinations. Panic. Spaced out. Pain. Depression

Not worth it at all. So sad humans have to experience such pain"
1866	8.0	I started off at .50 mg then to 1mg before bed.  I had many issues going on in life and I was having trouble falling asleep.  This helped in the beginning, but my dose is going up and up. I admit, I take this more than I should, so I understand there's an addictive nature to this.  Just be careful, and talk to your doctor if you notice that.  The best part of this drug; I get a good night sleep and I'm not waking up 3x a night.
1867	8.0	"If you're using this drug for anxiety make sure you read up on it before you use it for more then an occasional anxiety-fix.  Even at the minimal dosage, using this stuff daily for even a week will cause problems.  Namely - it CAUSES anxiety.  From what I've read this is a dependence that develops - either (or both) physical or mental. After only a few times you get accustomed to it ""fixing"" your situation.  Your body adjusts for the GABA boost, and then ""crashes"" - resulting in anxiety.  Very bad loop to get in.  Warning signs: you're counting the # hours the med will still be working (about 6 total), you're watching the clock for when you might be able to take another pill, you always carry a pill in your pocket, etc. Those are bad signs."
1868	10.0	I had hyperthyroidism which was diagnosed when I was 37 . The hyperthyroidism gave me anxiety specially after knowing I had it. Would go to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack or stroke and was checked always and nothing was wrong. My anxiety attacks were so bad I once was taken in an ambulance with my feet and hands numb and blood pressure through the roof. Was given by a doctor in the ER 1 mg of lorazepam and felt the difference within 20 minutes.My thyroid got burned of and I take 1 mg in the morning and really can get through the day with no issues. Take sometimes .5 mg at night as I don't have sleep issues. After almost 2 years I feel like lorazepam has almost gotten me stable and going to start tapering off.Its a life saver.
1869	6.0	Good
1870	10.0	"Hey Everyone, I take 2mg of Ativan a day. 1 mg in the morning and 1 mg at night before bed. I have been diagnosed with Severe Panic Attack and Depression. Lorazepam (Generic brand for Ativan) does help me. Understand that the effects for any medication is going to vary person to person. I don't get sleepy in the morning when I take it, but it does help me get a good night's sleep at night when I'm tired. 

Also, I do want to say: Recently, my pharmacy didn't give me the exact amount of pills of Ativan, so I have been off of it ""cold turkey"" because I ran out and the withdrawal symptoms can be a hellish.

Note: Anybody can be dependent on any medication/drug. Talk to your Psychiatrist. REMEMBER...everyone responds to medication differently."
1871	8.0	I recently experienced a week of panic attacks. The first 3 times I took a pill...they were .5, it worked and I could calm down. After that the small dose did not work and I landed in the ER. I take nothing else and haven't taken any other benzo in years. I'd like to give it a lower rating due to the fact that dependency happens so fast if you aren't careful and can't cope other ways. They are definitely a bandaid. They do work though to stop panic . Just be careful and only take as necessary. Side effect..calm and sleepy..in a daze. Took an hour for them to kick in also.
1872	10.0	"I have severe flight anxiety and was prescribed Ativan 5-10 years ago to take before flights.  It works really well, and gives me this deep feeling of calm that helps me not panic on planes.  I used to shake for an entire eight hour flight, and while my anxiety doesn't entirely disappear with a 2mg dose, it's vastly more manageable. 

I haven't really noticed any side effects aside from feeling sleepy and having my mind wander a bit."
1873	8.0	"Taken it a few times/packets.. Found it did not much but was on other meds like concerta and suboxone...

Taken now, at 2.5mg four times a day it's not xananx but it does the job if you are agitated or panicked"
1874	1.0	DO YOUR RESEARCH BEFORE TAKING! Consult with your doctor but also be aware of the side effects involved. Symptoms include dizziness, fatigue, muscle weakness, slowed speech, muscle spasms, twitching / fidgeting, nightmares. Not for everyone.
1875	10.0	Works great!  Been suffering with anxiety for a while now was very hesitant on taking any kind of medication was given this medication in the hospital and within 20 minutes I felt relaxed and calm wish I wasn't so hesitant and took it sooner.  Great for when anxiety attack comes on
1876	9.0	Helps take the edge off, but also works fairly quickly. I like it better than Xanax because it seems to last longer.
1877	10.0	I take it as needed, I have depression and it gets out of control at time, I take 1 mg. and in 10 - 15 minutes I am ok.
1878	9.0	I have taken .05 mg 1/2 pill 2x a day as needed, usually just 1/2 pill before bed to ease anxiety to sleep, there have been times when I was having severe panic attacks &amp; have used up to 2 pill a day. I have GAD &amp; this pill have same me many times from running to the ER. Mental health is no joke. Being very sensitive to meds a small dose helps me, you will need to find what works best for you. Too high dose can cause drowsiness or put you to sleep. I also take Zoloft for anxiety &amp; deoression. Been on these meds for 5 years now, it works for me! Talk to your doctor always, best to be prescribed by psychiatrist since they specialize in these matters. Good luck in your journey! Your never alone there's always help available if you seek it!! 
1879	1.0	"This drug nearly ruined my life. But, you don't have to believe me. Just go google ""lorazepam withdrawal"" or ""ativan withdrawal"" and you can see it for yourself. I was never told how horrific the withdrawal would be from this medicine. I have spent nearly 5 months in extreme anxiety that is nearly 50 times the intensity of the anxiety I had when starting this med. The doctors are not educated on the w/d of this med because the pharm companies do not release these studies because then they wouldn't prescribe it! I became agitated, suicidal, depressed and PTSD-like symptoms from this drug. Not one person warned me and I just took it everyday like the bottle said, many times LESS than prescribed. PLEASE do your research!"
1880	1.0	BEWARE!!  Some people have no problem with this benzodiazepine yet there are many who do such as myself.  I took it for hyper thyroid.  It has ruined the last 14 months of my life!!!  Words cannot express the mental and physical torture I experience daily. PLEASE Google Professor Ashton to read the side effects.  Visit Benzo Buddies.  You will learn about the horrors these meds cause as well as success stories of those who survived this!  There has been a bill introduced in Massachusetts to get doctors to warn their patients!!  Warn everyone you know!  Don't be fooled!  My world has been turned upside down and I don't want it to happen to you!!
1881	10.0	This stuff is good. I use 0.5mg and i feel relaxed or 1mg if i have a panic attack. It helps alot and can help with sleep problems. I use it whenever i have anexity not everyday. Havent needed the stuff for 3 weeks so its not addicting for me at all.
1882	2.0	Unfortunately, this did nothing for me. It didn't matter how many I took, it didn't do anything for my panic attacks. It just made me a little sleepy.
1883	9.0	Helps with my high anxiety. I take 1mg twice a day and it controls my anxiety pretty well without impairing my motor skills too much.
1884	10.0	Took my first Ativan today and OMG I feel great this works amazing for shortness of breath difficulty breathing knots in the stomach, fear shakes sweats .... It's truly amazing I only took 0.5 and I'm happy I did I was afraid to take it but I'm not anymore it's a great miracle pill
1885	8.0	Ativan has been SO SO helpful for anxiety and panic attacks.   It can be addicting so I try and only take it when I really need to;  not more than a couple times a week.  But it definitely has helped me and I would recommend it to those with bad anxiety.
1886	9.0	3 years ago we discovered a clot inside my heart. I went in for exploring surgery &amp; awoke from a coma 33 days later, it had broke while being looked at &amp; I had a mild heart attack on the table, had to be put into the coma to survive. To make things worse, I was also paralyzed from the waist down. It was too much &amp; I had my 1st anxiety attack. Speed up to now: I've regained part of my ability to walk, it's painful &amp; I can only walk so much. The clot is gone but I still take maintenance meds for it. Sadly I still suffer from regular panic but this drug works great. When I feel myself slipping I take an Ativan &amp; feel better, breath easier, in less then an hour!
1887	10.0	I had very rare occasions of panic attacks up until last year, when I started the nursing program. 7 weeks in I was having a nervous breakdown crying in my doctor's arms and telling her she will never understand what I'm going through....She said no mam, no tears, try Zoloft consistently and lorazapam as needed. This lead to 1mg of lorazapam and 125mg of Zoloft DAILY! Fast forward to a 2 yrs later, I am a nurse, I still take my ordered dose and feel like I can handle any situation. This stuff really does work and keeps me from having any panic attacks.
1888	10.0	35 years on ativan
1889	10.0	After getting into a car accident I fracturing my skull, broke my right arm, and dislocated 3 discs in my back. It led to 5 surgeries, and of course pain management. I got put on Opana 30 ER 2x daily, and Oxycodone 30mg IR 5x daily. The powerful Narcotics led to severe Nausea and Vomiting. I tried Zofran, Promethazine, Hydroxyzine, they worked, but not good enough. I finally got introduced to Ativan, got put on 1mg 3x daily. WOW is the best word to describe it. Now I'm pain free with ZERO nausea, thanks Ativan!
1890	10.0	This response is for the person whose Doctor won't prescribe Ativan because it's an old drug. I went to a psychiatrist and that's the med he prescribed for me to help me sleep through the night. It had been 3 months since I'd slept more the 6 hours and usually it was 4 hours each night. Ambien got me to sleep but wouldn't keep me asleep. My PCP prescribed trazadone and that was horrific. She then prescribed doxepin and that sedated me but never put me to sleep. After 3 months of this my PCP said for me to go to a psychiatrist to hear my symptoms and prescribe the right med. he got it spot on. By the second night I was sleeping like a baby and able to naps during the if I felt sleepy. I have gotten myself back. I also take Zoloft.
1891	10.0	I've taken Aleve and Vicodin for my sciatica pain with limited results. Taking lorazepam completely rids me of my hip/leg/back pain which is wonderful! I still have to remind myself to be easy on my hip and not try and clean the whole house because my pain is gone. I half a 1mg tablet so it doesn't sedate me. My intent is to not be completely knocked out. I want to be productive and it allows me that luxury. I know it's not generally prescribed for pain like this, but it sure as hell works for mine. I've had no adverse side effects and it really helps me get through the day without constant pain.
1892	1.0	Instead of calming me down and relaxing me from my anxiety and panicky feelings it made them extremely worse. I thought I was going to loose my mind. Well actually for a brief time I did. It caused me to have a nervous breakdown. This was only on the second day I took it. I didn't know what was going on or what was happening. I thought I was going to loose my mind and before I knew it I slit one of my wrist. I have never had any intention of doing this before taking Ativan. Thankful help came and I got 8 staples put in my wrist were I cut it. I will never take this medicine ever again. I just warn to be very careful taking this medicine. I have never had any reactions to medicines before until this medicine I took back in Sept 16, 2015.
1893	10.0	I take adavan for panic attacks caused by load noises or medical test and the dentist it is very effective within 30 minutes it makes me sleepy and relaxed. I get off balance and dizzy so I usually need help walking it is a great medication for panic attacks
1894	10.0	I have previously had a problem with alcohol, and I have tried any non-benzo on the market but nothing has helped me with my anxiety attacks. I took lorazepam 0.5 mg for the first time yesterday. I had forgotten what it felt like not to be anxious. I was able to enjoy a few hours of not being afraid. I know it is not a long term fix, but now I know what I am striving for when I am thinking of getting healthy.
1895	10.0	I took my first 1mg dose recently and I have to say I'm pleasantly surprised. I was prescribed Ativan to take only as needed on the cusp of an anxiety attack, as I've been having a few lately. It absolutely took the sting out of the anxiety and left me feeling really chilled out, to the point of that really comfortable tiredness when you're super relaxed. I haven't felt that in a long time. I didn't have any gross side effects (except for the tiredness) and was able to enjoy the rest of my day :)
1896	10.0	"I started taking Xanax after the suicide of my son.  I was on it for quite a while but it didn't work so well after a while and I was not sleeping.  So I was put on Lorazepam.  2mg twice a day only I take them both at night with a 50mg amitrypline.  If I don't knock myself completely out I have horrible night terrors and nightmares.  I have been on this dose for about 2 years now.  How can I get out of this?  Whereas time has by no means made it ""easier to deal with"" I know I will need to be on something for sleep but an now worried about the long term affects.  I am also worried about it showing up on drugs tests."
1897	10.0	I am a 47 year old male and within one year I've developed a anxiety disorder.  I work as a controls engineer in the automotive field so stress and tennage kids pushed me to the brink.  The anxiety is up and down now largely due to fear of that weird derealization feeling I get.  Ativan is amazing its able snap me back into a calm and rational  state when the anxiety is at its peak.  I was originally concerned about its dependence but I believe self management can eliminate that.  I am on 5mg of escitalopram but find it really doesn't seem to have any effect.  Hang tough fellow anxiety brothers and sisters... Anxiety Sucks
1898	9.0	I take 0.5-1mg for times of unmanageable anxiety or panic attacks. This happens a few times a year. Very effective medication with no side effects for me. I've been taking it since I was 26, I'm now 30.
1899	10.0	This drug has saved my life, I take 1 mg twice daily, I have severe anxiety and panic disorder that leads me to never leaving the house bc I'm scared of everything. This drug dug me out of a deep anxiety phase that was leading to very serious depression I was scared to tell my doctor that I was gonna kill myself if they didn't find something that worked I tried about 14 other meds with little to no success. Before my doctor said I'm gonna try you on ativan and see how it helps with my drug history this was a last choice kind of thing. He warned me about the potential for abuse and addiction, I'm aware of it and I never abuse the drug. I've been using ativan for 2-3 months now and I'm finally back into the work force finally able to drive again
1900	10.0	Avoid Benzos. I'm an alcoholic now, thanks to Lorazepam addiction. They leave a mark on you. Lorazepam was my vice. Again, avoid benzos. It can't end well. Benzos are a one way street.
1901	10.0	I started taking Ativan in 1997. My first and only time in a psychiatric ward.  I was diagnosed with panic attacks.  When I first started taking them the first 3 days were an absolute nightmare.  I was getting more side effects being on them than without.  I told the doctor and he told me to give it a few day and that this side effect would go away.  I was literally going to sleep (in and out of sleep?) with a bible in my arms.  Finally the 3rd day it did start to take effect and my panic became less frightening.  I started in 1997 @ .5 MG 3xday and now in 2015 I take 1mg 3xday.  It has never given me a problem except for those fee days when I started the dosage.
1902	10.0	I was just diagnosed in my 40's with generalized anxiety disorder not surprised.  I was always having anxiety/panic attacks and unable to function some times.  I now take Celexa daily and while it takes about 2 months to really kick in my anxiety is gone and I feel FAR beyond how I have felt in forever.  Zoloft nor prozac worked.  I don't know they are truly geared towards anxiety.  High;y recommend it at 10mg if not feeling better.
1903	10.0	I have had to take this medication (when I try my hardest to stay away from meds) on a few occasions everytime its only taken .2 or .5mg to relieve my panic attack! I love it except my Dr won't prescribe me anymore for those just in case times and I don't want to go on an antidepressant. I don't know if its just my depression but I feel lack of motivation and very tired but that could have to do with it being a sedative too. Would suggest to anyone that just can't control the anxiety and panic.
1904	10.0	I recently started getting anxiety. It started very slow and began to get worse. I went to hospital very anxious one day. They did all test and as I already knew found nothing. I asked for something to calm me down. They gave me 1.0mg Ativan IV. The minute the nurse pulled the needle out I was ready to go home as if nothing happen. Slept like a baby that night .I was good for like 4 days until I started to feel anxious again. I just started Zoloft today which takes some 1 or 2 weeks to work and Ativan for in case I get another attack before Zoloft kicks in. For me Ativan has been great.
1905	9.0	Saved my life and made my life managable. So far superior to numerous SSRI's, SSNI's, off label gabapentim. serax, than any of the 10 other anti depressants I tried. Wasted 3 years of my life. May be addictive for addicts &amp; alcohol abusers but if taken as prescribed I've had minimal side effects. I'm not dizzy, falling, etc.
1906	10.0	"This is a fantastic medication. It is far less sedating than Clonazepam, and it also doesn't cause the ""loopiness"" that Clonazepam does."
1907	10.0	I have chronic fatigue syndrome and fibromyalgia along with all the other issues that come with it. Anxiety  &amp; stress easily are two of the things. Ativan over Xanax for me big time for some reason Xanax would make my ankles swell? Then I tried Ativan and it worked great I put under my tongue and it melts under there and helps me within 15 minutes. I can go some weeks/months without ever taking it and then If I have a bad issue with the family or a panic attack from a flare it works fabulous.  The most I've had to take it was 10 days in a row. I've had a prescription since 2004 and it's 2016 I get 30 1.mg a month.  I don't use them all but I do  get a refill every couple months just to have some on hand.
1908	10.0	This medication helped me so much no side effects. But if your struggling with anxiety like I was please check to see if you have food allergies struggled with anxiety for more then 5 years switch doctors found out I've had a gluten allergy that cause's anxiety and other systems. Please check it out I wish I knew sooner! Best of luck!
1909	10.0	I have PTSD with panic attacks. When these come on it's terrifying to say the least! I take half a tablet and about 30 mins later I am calm. It has truly been a life saver for me. Like a lot of people here I went to the ER 3 times thinking I was dying all tests revealed nothing wrong with me.
1910	8.0	"I have been on this as needed for the last 4 years. I started at 0.5mg and am currently at 1mg. I only take when needed and have not had any negative side affects. I only wish it actually lasted longer. Roughly last for 30 to 40 min. I have taken to help sleep, I am a war vet and it helps to calm down the hyper vigilance. I have seen people struggle coming off of this, but they ""usually"" are the ones abusing it.  It is not an everyday med."
1911	10.0	I had a stroke and so I had to have an MRI.  This is something I had feared my whole adult life (because of claustrophobia) and wondered if I would even consent to it.  They gave me an ativan and the whole experience was easy and uneventful.  It was not prescribed long term, just for that single event.  Under those circumstances I would rate it a 10.
1912	8.0	Was out on this drug in '93.  Although it helps I know I shouldn't have been given this for so long.  What can I do to wean off.  I never took it as prescribed  I was told to take 3 only take 2.
1913	9.0	Was given ativan at first of several ER visits for panic attacks and later on shooting pains in my legs. I had recent surgery, felt something wasn't right. Told my doctors, tests showed nothing so ignored like most women and put on antidepressants. Soon after, panic attacks started. Ativan helped but did not address the cause. 2 months later finally diagnosed with B12 deficiency caused by pernicious anemia. By then had severe nerve damage. To this day I cannot walk and am extremely intolerant to heat and cold. At times my nerves act up and I take 0.5 mg ativan or less to get me through it or help me sleep. Doctor won't prescribe much so judicious when I take it. Gabapentin eases pain but Ativan is ONLY med that calms my nerves.
1914	10.0	Was prescribed lorazapam for anxiety, terrible head pressure, jaw pressure, throat pressure.  Nothing had worked previously  I had tried everything  magnesium, warm compress on area, breathing exercises, Advil, ibuprofen.  The lorazepam was the best
1915	8.0	I've been taking low dose Ativan for years.  It worked well for my anxiety.  Although it seems to wear off extremely fast.  I actually split the pill in two, take a half before bed, and take the other half when I wake up at night.  The only problem is after my old doctor retired, I found nobody would prescribe it.  All the newer doctors would rather give out anti-depressant.  I had to quit taking it cold turkey last month.  Now I'm on an anti-depressant and some strong sleeping pills in order to get enough sleep.  The results are inconsistent.  Some nights I get only 3 or 4 hours, some nights I sleep 10 hours and still feel tired.  I'm not sure if it's worth the trouble.  Ativan was so cheap that it didn't matter I don't have insurance.
1916	1.0	I was prescribed Ativan .5 mg and ended up having a horrible adverse reaction that landed me in the ER. I experienced 20  side effects from this medication.
1917	2.0	"WITHDRAWAL HELL!
I was prescribed this medication after extreme anxiety that was not getting better with citalopram.  I was only given 2 by GP (I AM IN THE UK) and then it worked so well on my anxiety I went back for more. They shouldn't have prescribed me 2 months worth because when I was told I wasn't allowed anymore my body went into meltdown. Over three weeks later I'm still suffering from the withdrawal symptoms. Severe anxiety, Insomnia, spaced out feeling, double vision, tremors, sweating, Auditory Hallucinations! Awful awful awful. It may seem great when it's helping you but when you stop be prepared to give up your life... This has been the worst time of my life hands down and I'm three weeks on and only marginally better."
1918	1.0	"I have been on ativan for 15 years%u2026 started at 1mg and was gradually increased to 4mg. The medication only numbs things the anxiety never went away, and after I started taking I started getting other symptoms like OCD, social anxiety, depression and others 

I should never have trusted the Dr and should have researched the drug before taking. I will never again just take anything without researching it. I am slowly tapering it off, the withdrawals are a nightmare but staying on this medication which should be banned is not an option. This medication was never intended to be prescribed longer then a few weeks. Drs and drugstores are completely to blame right beside the drug companies. They all know it%u2019s poison."
1919	3.0	"Not really any thing happening just 
Giving me a headache"
1920	6.0	Calmed me down enough to talk to the Psychiatrist and Social Worker when I had been detained under section 136 but didn't feel it very much and wore off quite quickly. Not as good as Diazepam
1921	2.0	This drug is highly addictive and due to it being short-acting, it is nearly impossible to wean off of this drug in a conventional manner. It is very effective in relieving anxiety, but should not be taken for any extended period of time or you will be hooked into an agonizing withdrawal. To get off of this short-acting drug without the painful withdrawal, switch to a long acting benzo like diazepam that is available in multiple and larger doses and can be cut into smaller amounts to wean off gradually.
1922	10.0	My husband was hospitalized for 10 weeks before passing away. I could not sleep - my thoughts were spiraling and racing. I had an anxiety attack in the intensive care unit and thought I was having a heart attack. I hadn't slept in 5 days. My doctor prescribed 1 mg Ativan taken 30 mins before bedtime. What a godsend. I sleep straight for 6 hours every night. I've tried sleeping without it and I'm awake all night. I worry about tolerance. So I go without it on weekends and lay awake for two nights.  I can't wait til Sunday night so I can take the Ativan and get some sleep.   I've been on it for 6 months now.
1923	10.0	Started taking 0.5 mg . My father passed away and I was having a tremendous trouble going about my daily life . Getting up, showering, cooking, cleaning, Constantly crying . This drug has helped me get my life back 100% calmed me down . I now feel relaxed and can go about my daily life .
1924	2.0	Highly addictive medicine. Very angry I was put on this. I have worse anxiety and hand, feet, and head tremors. Docs give out benzos too easily. Then they do not want to help you get off them. It is awful. They treat you like a pill seeker instead of slowly weaning you off. More doctors need to use the Ashton Method of withdrawal. Taking someone off benzos too quickly can induce anger, crying spells, depression, and even seizures. Too many doctors do not want to help patients get off these pills and it is wrong.
1925	10.0	This drug is great, it saved me from my job and help me become more successful. There was a point It was so bad I could not even be in a work meeting with out having serious anxiety. I also had problems going anywhere. It was really affecting my work and my behavior with my family. Once I started talking it, I felt no stress, and I was able to be normal again and function. Now that I have been on it for 2 years, I only need it 1-2 times a week. When I was having anxiety really bad I had to take it 4-5 times a week. So the longer I have been on it the more I was able to tapper off and feel normal again. I highly recommend it if you have serious anxiety and feel stress all the time.
1926	10.0	This stuff is amazing and has been a godsend for my anxiety and panic. Don't pass this one and give it try it's great.
1927	10.0	"This medication is amazing if used as designed. For years I have suffered with gripping panic attacks that turned into seizures if they were real bad.  I got to the point that I couldn't ride in a car with someone. It was bleak. I'm a young guy and avoided going out with people even girls. Lorazepam paired with (more importantly) CBT. Has turned me about 80% back to ""normal"" use it as needed. Do not rely on it. Was going though 30 a month, now it's 30 a year. Be responsible and talk to someone. Medication is a way out, not a crutch to use forever. Cognitive behavioral therapy is where you make real strides!! Sorry to get preachy but I dislike drug ""abuse"""
1928	9.0	I had a positive  experience , was effective
1929	1.0	"Highly addictive, caused Severe panic attacks, when tried to go off. Got this reaction after only 2 days, of 1-2, for sleep.
     Very dangerous drug. Helps you sleep, but  nearly impossible to stop! Most need rehab., was one of the meds., Heath Ledger had, in his system. Tammy Faye took up to 25-30 a day! 
     Stay away from this drug!!?"
1930	1.0	I took .5mg ativan 2 times a day for 14 days.  I noticed I wasn't getting the same anti anxiety effect so I decided to stop taking it.  I figured it had only been 2 weeks so stopping should not have been a problem.  I then proceeded into 11 days of HELL.  The first 2 days were not to bad  but every day progressively got worse.  The Insomnia was the worst.  I got to the point where I would dread the night.  And then the night mares started.  They were horribly dark. I thought I was going to die.  I finally would take .5mg every other or every third night just to get some sleep.  It took me months to find a doctor who understood how to get off the Ativan.  I'm now on a 2 1/2% taper (40 weeks) I'm on week 9, Not fun.  DO NOT TAKE IT
1931	10.0	"I am 36 and have suffered from occasional anxiety attacks since my early 20s. I get severe hot/cold sweats, tingling limbs, severe nausea/vomiting, feeling like I might crap myself, heart palpitations.  The symptoms come in increasingly bigger waves often for 6-8hrs. 
Someone finally told me about lorazepam.  I was a bit afraid to take a chemical but this time, when I was sure an attack was coming I decided to take it right away. Because of the lorazepam the attack didn't get worse.  It slowly faded till I was able to sleep it off. This is a huge difference from the hours of horrible physical symptoms I experienced in the past.  I hope that me sharing this helps you."
1932	10.0	I started taking Lorazepam in November of last year when my dad was ill and dying.  It took the edge of the stress and allowed me to care for him and remain calm. I was taking 2  a day for about a month. Dad passed away in December. I have had anxiety issues most of my life, so I probably should have started this drug a long time ago. I now take 1 or 2 a week after a stressful day at work.
1933	10.0	Works great for anxiety. Never had any problems with it %u263A
1934	10.0	I am 25 years old and for the first time in my life I had a severe panic attack so bad that I lost all feelings in my limbs, my breathing was so fast that my lips curled over my teeth and my hands were temporarily and uncontrollably clenched. My husband rushed me to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack and there my pulse was 180 and my BP 170/100. I have never experienced anything so fearful and horrific physically. There they gave me ativan which completely calmed me down. Ever since I am prescribed Lorazepam .5 mg as a PRN and when I feel anxious or agitated and it really amping up I will not even hesitate to take one. I truly believe this drug has helped me get through my days and has 100% worked as a preventative for attacks.
1935	10.0	I love them. .5 mg when I'm shaking (getting over a fear of heights) that I got due to a sickness. Tried all others none worked  &amp; they had bad side affects. Take it at work and drive fine, work fine. Makes me not care about heights, bills, stresses in life, just a very good pill. Just watch out have been caught twice looking at a wall for hours smiling not knowing it was that long just content and happy...
1936	10.0	Had anxiety and insomnia that I could not control due to ptsd and chronic pain lorazipam controls my symptoms unlike the other 6 meds they tried before lorazipam
1937	3.0	Well, I've also been on zanies, clanazepapam.  I found that lorazepam is for longer term maintenance of  anxiety - Not panic attacks. I just got off of 2mg. 3x a day. Just cause it wasn't helpful. But it does work.
1938	1.0	I had a scary adverse reaction with Ativan. I was given 1 mg in the hospital orally for the very bad anxiety I was having. About an hour and a half later I began getting the most strangest, scariest hallucinations. Both visual and sensory. I don't know if this was an allergic reaction but I never had this problem with any other benzodiazepine. Please be cautious with Ativan in particular, because it altered the functioning of my brain (it wore off the next day).
1939	10.0	had severe anxiety attack, was given by the ER. one 1mg did the trick. my pshyciatrist gave me 10 more to use in emergency.
1940	10.0	I have been taking Ativan for 20 years. It was prescribed for me when my husband was in hospice care and I was struggling to care for him and our young daughters. I have GAD and it is the only thing that calms my mind and makes me feel normal if I am in high anxiety mode. I have reduced my amount needed to one half of the .5 pill to help sleep and the other half if I wake up too early and cannot get back to sleep. I also use it to fly. I have no hangovers and never feel fuzzy. It is a miracle drug for me.
1941	10.0	This medicine has saved my life on several occasions.  I developed physical anxiety issues (severe tingling, losing balance, trouble driving, insomnia, etc) a year after my 3rd child was born.  My physician tried several SSRI and tricyclic antidepressants.  They all made my symptoms worse.  Ativan/Lorazepam helped immediately for all symptoms.  In my opinion it is a miracle and I hate how it is demonized in the media and medical community.  When you suffer a month without sleeping hardly at all and can barely function in a normal setting due to crippling physical anxiety symptoms, and something provides relief, you take it.  Yes, when you are ready to stop the medicine you have to reduce very slowly over a long period of time.  Godsend!
1942	10.0	This helped me so much. I felt like my heart was beating out of my chest!!!!!!!! I went to hospital they gave it to me and it went away. OMG thank you ativan!
1943	9.0	Ativan was prescribed inpatient to me.  After major suicidal ideations and an active plan, I was given this to take when required ( about 3 to 4 mg a day ) inpatient.  I am on Lamictal, Lexapro and ritalin also Seroquel as needed for sleep, plus Ativan 1 mg when required.  I usually take 1 mg in the evening.  Works great!  Very subtle compared to Klonopin, Valium and Xanax.  I would rank Xanax as number 1, Ativan number 2, Valium 3 and Klonopin a close 3rd but 4th.  Give Ativan about 1.5 hours to feel effects, it takes about 2 hours to peak and lasts about 8 for me.  Doesn't pack a 'punch' like Xanax or Valium but it is noticeable.  It also seems to help depression somewhat!  Whereas others can drag u down.
1944	1.0	Doesn't work for me. Been taking it for 6 months,  1 mg 2x a day. It makes my head really fuzzy.
1945	10.0	Wonderful takes stress away
1946	9.0	I have been experiencing terrible anxiety/panic attacks over the last year or so.  It all began with my husband's motorcycle accident that led to PTSD followed by panic attacks.  Horrific.  I landed in the ER on two separate occasions convinced I was going to die.  Now that my husband is back to normal I was hoping my anxiety would go away but that is not the case.  I am seeing a therapist and a psychiatrist prescribed Effexor and I had really scary reaction to it--like a panic attack on crack.  I have sensitivity to SSRIs, it seems.  So, now I take Lorazepam as needed and it does help me calm down and is especially useful at bedtime.  I only take .5 and it has helped a lot when I've needed to stop the racing thoughts before bed.
1947	7.0	"I suffer from panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder and ocd.
I take 1mg twice daily and am on 40mg of prozac.My disorders are quite severe and on a bad day im housebound.The lorazapem does work well but i do get bad withdrawal in the morning which involves being very anxious for bout an hour or so till my meds kick in which im going to try some different courses of action to try and counter this.Im 36 yrs old and a solo dad so getting well for my son is a big priority for me! My heart goes out to all the anxiery sufferers out there and i suppose we can all hope that we can get the right balance of meds that helps us without to many side effects and be as well as possible! So overall review of this drug is 7/10 good luck!"
1948	1.0	"I had a very alarming ADVERSE REACTION to Ativan (Lorazepam), that I never had with any other benzodiazepine, that I'd like to share. My doctor prescribed me 0.5mg of Ativan for my anxiety that I've had since a child. Within an hour of taking my first dose I began to experience SCARY hallucinations, delusions, and paranoia. This never happened whenever I took Xanax, Valium, or Klopin, so I don't know what made Ativan different. 
      Not only did Ativan increase my anxiety, but it also caused these disturbing adverse side effects! I personally did not have a good experience with this drug, and threw the rest away. Please be very careful with it!"
1949	10.0	I'm 19 and this anxiety and OCD had been poured on me out of no where. It scared me so bad I felt like I couldn't live my life. I went to the ER and they prescribed me Ativan 1 mg 3 times a day. It was extremely effective. The first week I was only taking half or sometimes 2. I've been on it for 3 weeks and am waiting to get on a SSRIs for more long term. Ativan is helping me through my days. I am just nervous about withdrawals because I don't take them as prescribed only as needed.
1950	10.0	Ativan is a miracle drug. Whoever invented it should have received the Nobel Prize. Zero adverse effetcs, completely safe. I am going through chemo and my beloved old companion cat which I had for over 14 years died after many months of poor health. I felt gripping anxiety for weeks, it felt like my chest was going to explode. I was faced with vet bills and wasn't working. Ativan worked in less than an hour, I felt such relief, and only after 1mg. I take it once, sometimes twice, a day and my life is bearable. Please don't suffer. If you experience anxiety ask you Dr for Ativan, even 0.5 mg may work.
1951	9.0	Lorazepam works great for my anxiety with no side effects.
1952	10.0	I am 37 and suffered a rare type of heart attack called a spontaneous coronary artery dissection in my LAD (the widow maker). I have no heart disease. I have perfect blood pressure and blood lipids, includes by HDL, LDL, cholesterol, trig, etc. after my HA and based in both the rarity of my event and the mortality rate (80%) I have severe anxiety. I am trying to stop worrying and learn to love my broken heart. This drug saves me weekly. It doesn't mask cardiac distress so I take it when my chest feels right and within 5 min I'm fine. It's 4 dollars cash for a 30 day RX. I take .25 mg by biting a half pull into a fourth. Life saver. It's going to save my career too. This drug has saved my life.
1953	3.0	Extreme weakness, nausea, problems with memory, lethargic, slow reaction times, constant thirst, stay anxious, very sleepy during the day, no energy, wears off quick, soars at both corners of mouth, dizziness and confusion.
1954	4.0	I have been having trouble with anxiety and for more than 30yr.  I have tried everything. My Dr. put me on lorazepam and don't know if going to work.
1955	7.0	I am taking 1mg 4x daily. I have had some deaths in my family and have been more anxious. Should my dose be increased?
1956	7.0	worked great when I started...a year later taking 1mg in the am and 1mg at night...and anxiety is back...interferes with work...
1957	10.0	Thank God for Ativan. Even though when the stressful situation came up, instead of having a panic attack I was able to stop it with the calm. I do wish it could erase those trigger moments but I'm so glad I can stop them and manage them better with Ativan.  I also really like that I can take it on a work day with no side effects or that fuzzy high feeling.  It has not affected my sleep or anything else. It's a lifesaver for me. I'm back!
1958	3.0	The doctors put my dad who is 95 on Lorazepam  because of anxiety but it takes a long time to get in the system, he takes 2 a day and has been for about 8 months and it does not help, if given right at the start of an anxiety attack it takes over an hour to work and then it hardly works at all, and as he has 2 a day you would think it would keep him from having anxiety or at least make it more mild.
1959	10.0	Lifesaver for adrenaline rush feelings. The smallest dose cut in half makes me feel calm, slows my racing heart and heart palpitations, and puts me to sleep. I couldn't have survived lyme disease without it. The only bad things are it will make you tired and after being on it for 2 weeks straight, you're likely to have rebound anxiety. If you have long term anxiety SSRIs are the best choice.
1960	10.0	I have GAD and panic attacks. I use celexa 20 MG as my first line and ativan 0.5 twice daily if I need it. I occasionally take it at night when my mind races and won't shut down. Celexa has my anxiety under good control but ativan is my just in case med.
1961	9.0	I suffer from PTSD, depression, anxiety, and panic attacks. I previously took Xanax, but it was too short acting for me. I needed a benzodiazepine that was longer acting, since my anxiety goes on for a long time. I like that Ativan lasts 6-8 hours, in which I need for times of long time anxiousness. However I have realized that smoking cigarettes lessens the effectiveness of benzodiazepines, so I will have to work around that. Anyway, Ativan is great for people like me who have anxiety and panic attacks.
1962	9.0	Taken the 0.5 mg tab only when needed for anxiety over a 9 year period. The last 4 years was prescribed the 1 mg. tab to help with my insomnia.  Sometimes am able to use half the tab in order to fall asleep. I'm in my 70th year and see my doctor on a regular basis. It has made a positive effect in my life.
1963	10.0	I take 6mg Ativan a day and will do for life, it saved my life there is nothing else to touch a benzodiazepine if your anxiety is off the scale. Yes you get tolerant but what else is there out there NOTHING that works in 20 minutes like Ativan. I am 67 and not going to worry myself with addiction and withdrawal. What would I withdraw to there is nothing out the. I have taken Ativan for 40 years and I am alive, I don't think I would be without it. 
1964	10.0	I was on 9mg/day by a very experienced psychiatrist. Sure it affects memories a bit but if you're anxious it works. Choose!
1965	9.0	Works well with anxiety, panic
1966	10.0	I take 0.5mg everyday before I head out to work.  I had my panic at work, and this keeps me calm and able to get through the day.  Some days are more stressful than others and I may have to take another 0.5mg, but I never go over the dose I was prescribed.  I am so glad my doctor gave me this!
1967	9.0	Diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder folowing several health issue including Cancer, pre-cancerous duodenal cyst removal, gallbladder removal, kidney surgery to remove stones. I have tried several SSRI's, several SNRI's, mood stabilizers (antipsychotic) and Remeron. All ineffective for my condition as a matter of fact made it worse. Once lorazepm was prescribe it all changed for the better. No side effects, no forgetfulness, no instability (falling). Without lorazepam I would not make it through the past 4 years. I also tried therapy with 4 diff. Therapists and did get some benefits from CBT. But lorazepm keeps me on an even keel. The only problem I have is all the negativity regarding its use. It works for me in small dosage (1 - 1.5 mg).
1968	10.0	I loved it, when I lost awareness in the Hospital: I was given Ativan. It brought me back to normal. I wish I had some now.
1969	10.0	I suffer from social anxiety- it's situational. I can go out to the grocery stores and other things but it usually happens in class. I tried 1mg today and it worked great.. It felt so good to feel calm around people and give good eye contact without my heart racing. It makes me sleepy hours later but I'm fine with that.
1970	9.0	I found this medicine very helpful in my anxiety.
1971	10.0	"I have bad anxiety about medicines. The only reason I began to trust this one was because I was in the ER with really high blood pressure and a headache that had me concurring to shoot my brains out. The nurse gently asked  if she could give me something to ""bring down my blood pressure"" I said yes because I was desperate. I later found out was an anxiety need and it really did the trick. Calmed my butt right down and I felt normal. Finally! I only use when anxiety is getting outta hand. I'm not into relying on pills daily for this type of thing but it makes me feel more safe knowing I have the ""antidote"" in my bag should I need it. It works for me even when I don't take it knowing it's in my bag."
1972	10.0	It's amazing how well this actually works. I thought I would be stuck with anxiety forever and wondered how I would ever be able to finish uni and find a job. This completely got rid of my social anxiety as well as all the physical symptoms that came with it. I can talk with people normally and for once have some hope that my life could actually turn out well. No more random panic attacks or worrying about minor things either.  No side effects of any sort. I wish I had taken this back in high school when I was first prescribed it but I was too anxious to try any medicine.
1973	10.0	I was diagnosed as bipolar in Nov 2014.  I'm currently on 1 mg of Ativan (lorazepan) and 150 mg Seroquel (quetiapine).  In the beginning I was very tired and slept a lot.  Now that a few weeks have gone by I can think clearly, the depression has decreased and I can function in crowds now.  I may not want to spend the rest of my life on them but I am grateful for them.
1974	10.0	I have epileptic seizures &amp; there are times my mind thinks non stop even in my sleep. And I would wake up tired and sore with a headache.  I could literally see my thoughts racing in my mind about things I had to do the next day, I got to the point I was only sleeping 2-3 hours a night, my neurologist prescribed me lorazepam &amp; it helps. I fall asleep faster; however, I still wake up before the alarm but I'm well rested.
1975	10.0	I had been very stressed, depressed and suffered from very high anxiety and panic. I was hesistant at first to take the medication because of all of the scary reviews online, but I have to say, whenever I felt like I was losing control and on the verge or having an attack or loss of control I took this medication and within 30 minutes I felt very calm and relaxed. 
1976	10.0	"Take it for ""shutting my brain down"" at night so I can sleep.  Excellent medicine in that it's subtle and effective.  I notice that an hour after dosing I'm much more relaxed and slowing down but in a very good way.  Also in the morning I feel very calm again."
1977	10.0	"Given that I've had issues with addiction, my previous psychiatrist would not prescribe me any benzos and instead prescribed me Vistaril, which I found pretty useless. For someone with acute panic and anxiety issues, benzos really should be the first and last word on the topic. Ativan is great. Because of my addiction history, I am very careful with it and never take it more than prescribed. It is enough to make me feel ""evened out"" during the day without making me loopy, euphoric or sleepy. And at night, it puts me out without giving me a ""hangover"" the following day like Valium does."
1978	9.0	Long story short, I am terrified of medication , the first time I took Ativan I had already got myself all worked up about having to take it that when I did I went into full blown panic attack. It was not because of this med , it was my own doing. The second and third time I took it, it worked well . Allowed me to get through the entire day like myself again. Even took the depression away that I have caused from anxiety . I have only taken it 3 times in the last month since was prescribed it . Since I've read how addicting this can be I have been very careful about taking it only when I really need it.
1979	9.0	I Have only taken my Ativan 3 times in the past month that I have had it. I really try to take it only on the times I can't control my anxiety and can not work because of it. I am so against taking medication including this one but the second and third time I took it I was happy I did. It allows me to function and get through the day feeling good. It really does take the edge off and also calms my heart rate,  As it usually is always beating faster throughout the day just from being anxious. Even though I still get paranoid about having to Take this medication when I really need it , I end up being glad I did. It works! I personally have no side effects either from this med.
1980	9.0	I have been taking Ativan for a few days while I wait for Lexapro to kick in. It has been a life saver. It has allowed me to eat and sleep, which has been huge in this fight against anxiety. It really helps mellow me out and take the edge off.
1981	10.0	I was given a prescription for this 4 years ago when I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. It is the one thing I can count on to help slow spiraling thinking. I have never taken it regularly until recently because of some major life stressors. I would normally take 0.5 mg in the morning once in awhile, but now I have been advised by my Dr. To take up to 0.5 mg three times a day as needed while I adjust to Zoloft. I have not needed it more than twice in a day. It sure helps, and so far I have never had any problems stopping taking it.
1982	9.0	"Used it for claustrophobia when undergoing throat radiation therapy for cancer. Worked great.  Also used it for an MRI on my shoulder.

I don't have anxiety/panic attacks but for these medical procedures it worked great."
1983	9.0	I was prescribed Zoloft 60mg twice a day. I didn't like the Zoloft and now take Lorazepam 1mg 3 times a day, it makes a world of difference.
1984	9.0	I was having major panic attacks to the degree that I could not function. I'm terrified of all medicine, but when youre having anxiety to that degree, you're willing to try most anything for relief. I started out taking 0.5 mg 2-3x/day. Built up a tolerance after a few wks and was increased to 1 mg, but I don't take that dosage unless necessary. This med has helped me so much with no side effects that I can tell.
1985	3.0	Took it for 3 months 2.5 mg and did not help the anxiety, it made it worse. I am tapering down.
1986	10.0	Have been having every day adrenaline in chest with heavy feeling, diagnosed with anxiety after 8 trips to ER. Started Zoloft but it made my anxiety ten times worse. I now take 0.5mg of Ativan as needed, it helps get through the day. I am usually dizzy on most days and have a heaviness in chest.
1987	10.0	I was diagnosed with Graves/Hyperthyroidism in Feb 2014, I was given 1 mg of Lorazepam on one of my trips to the ER because of my Hyperthyroidism. This medication is the best in it's class, I also occasionally take propranolol 10mg for heart palpitations, they both work perfect together. Already had RAI 4 weeks ago but am having bouts of hyper till thyroid is completely off. The 0.5 mg doesn't do much but the 1 mg is Excellent.
1988	10.0	Had a major panic attack back in January - never had one before (no family history) - horrific feeling. Had to be taken by an ambulance to local ER. Doctor there gave me prescription for 15 5mg pills in case anxiety came back. One day sitting at my desk I started feeling 'lightheaded' and knew something wasn't right. An anxiety was starting to build - your body automatically starts to scan itself for any problems. Took one pill and 30 mins later I was back to normal - my mind wasn't racing anymore. Lorazepam works great for me. I always carry  with me anywhere I go - just in case.
1989	8.0	It makes me sleepy. I like to be alert.
1990	10.0	Amazing it works so well.
1991	9.0	" Had a sort of nervous breakdown during a trip.  Could not catch my breath and could not sleep for 4 days.  Horrible feeling of anxiety.  Dreaded the night. Started 1mg Ativan at night only.  Was a God-send.  Worked like a charm and gave me my life back.  I went to therapy and continued the nightly 1 mg for 3 months.  Became dependent as everyone does.  I then ""pill chopped"" my way off from 1mg to less than 1/2 mg over the next 3 months.  After 6 months I was off completely.  Feel good and glad to be pill free for 5 weeks now.  Properly used  - this medicine can be a lifesaver.  I still have them for peace of mind but find now I can live without it."
1992	9.0	I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attacks that happen unexpectedly. I am also taking an SSRI with the Ativan but the Ativan is on an as needed basis and has helped tremendously the tightness in my chest is relieved and the irregular heartbeat slows down, anxiety and panic is a very scary thing to experience and Ativan has helped me get through those tough times, would absolutely recommend it.
1993	9.0	I have really bad flight anxiety but wanted to travel to a family reunion so my Dr. prescribed Lorazepam. I only took 1/2 of a 1mg pill an hour before my flight and I was completely calm for the entire 4 hr flight. I thought it might make me sleepy but I was awake and alert and talked with my family member the entire flight. It was a life saver.
1994	7.0	I just barely started having anxiety attacks, and I am 18. Almost 19. I went to the insta care and they gave me this prescription, at first I took a half of one it made me feel way weird, but I have been taking lower then a half. It's been Calming me down, been really tired though.. And been vomiting and going to the bathroom a lot. I don't know if that's good or not. It's harder for me to sleep at night.
1995	10.0	Got it for flight phobia and even I hate medication but this is the best ever. I am so calm before and during the flight and all I take is a quarter. I even looked out of the window and found it pretty. Without this medication I would never do it.
1996	10.0	Loved it, love it still but no longer allowed prescriptions due to strength &amp; dependency issues. Was taken as needed to treat anxiety and worked relatively quickly, generally would feel better within ten minutes. Took one almost everyday for 8 wks before going on antidepressants and then had to taper off them. Have kept a small amount on me for extremely bad days though.
1997	8.0	"On medication for 20  years. Stopped abruptly. Proud I stopped but didn't know I needed to taper. Have been very fuzzy in my head since stopping approx 3 weeks ago. Dizzy, short tempered, noise sensitive. 
Good medication but people need education on discontinuing medication."
1998	10.0	Lorazepam has saved me from anxiety many times. I personally believe this medicine is best used when needed rather than every day. When I take 0.5mg, I feel relaxed and my mind is clear, all my worries seem minuscule. It seems to slow down my cycle of constant worry. It does take about 45 minutes to really kick in, and peaks about 2 hours after taking it. The effects last 4-5 hours. If I take 1mg, the amount it lasts stays roughly the same, it's just a stronger feeling and does make me very tired. Taking it when needed is a life saver. However, I have taken 0.5mg every day for a week once and when I stopped, I felt a slight increase in anxiety and other symptoms such as insomnia and diarrhea that lasted 1-2 days. GREAT when anxiety is unbearable.
1999	10.0	Best anti-anxiety medicine.
2000	10.0	Ended years of misery, acid reflux, etc.
2001	6.0	"I suffer from obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety, post traumatic stress disorder and depression. It has worked wonders when I start to suffer. I take 1 mg in the morning and I feel like my old self again. However, I'm starting to wonder if it is causing some of my depression. Once the medicine wears off my mood crashes. I get very emotional, anxiety creeps up, agitated, and very depressed. I pop another one and my mood stabilizes.
Another thing, it is very habit forming so don't stop taking it abruptly. Consult your doctor first for a plan."
2002	10.0	I am claustrophobic and required an MRI.  The one tablet I took prescribed by my dr. Helped me get through this 1 hr 45 min process.  I am grateful.
2003	10.0	I have Generalised Anxiety Disorder and take this nightly to sleep.  This medication works wonderfully for relieving the physical symptoms of GAD which is what it was intended for.  Yes this is addictive and has side effects that can affect memory however I don't think I could live without this medication.  Anti-Depressants don't touch my anxiety where as this does.
2004	9.0	I had bad anxiety and would go 48 hours without sleeping so I was prescribed this to calm me down and help me slee, which it did worked great. I used it for 3 months till I got on Zoloft I would take 1mg pill 1 hour before bed. What a lifesaver.
2005	10.0	Ativan has made a tremendous difference in my life as my anxiety was out of control and panic attacks were frequent. I don't find that it makes me tired and I like how the effects are quickly felt. I used to take 1 mg but now only take 0.5mg once a day; twice if I need it. I can skip days the odd time if I am at home and things are peaceful.  I was put on Valium and couldn't handle that at all - Ativan was a lifesaver for me!
2006	8.0	"I took Klonopin in the past and recently was put on Vistral which did next to nothing. I asked my Doc for Ativan and was prescribed 1.5 mg 3X per day and WOW! I slept like a baby last night (just started this medicine yesterday) and feel completely stress free! I rated it 8 as it does start to wear off a tiny bit about the 4-6 hour mark. VERY impressed though and no ""hangover"" feeling the next morning. Thanks for reading."
2007	10.0	I took it today after suffering with severe anxiety and it worked quickly on me. My mind relaxed and I wanted to go out with kids.
2008	9.0	"I have severe chronic anxiety, panic attacks, agoraphobia, and insomnia. Ativan helps me with every single one of them. I've had bad anxiety since i was 20, and I'm 30 now. It's got worse over the years, and I turned to medication when everything else I tried failed. It helps calm me down to the point where I am not scared all the time. It sometimes takes a little while to work, but it's worth it. The only side effects I get are the ""spacey"" feeling in my head, and my vision is a little messed up. It's a great trade-off, instead of suffering with that anxiety literally all day and night.  This medicine is great."
2009	9.0	"Severe social anxiety to the point of not being able to interact with people in public, couldn't go to seminar classes where speaking was required. Would sweat profusely with my heart beating out of chest. Now I take one 1 mg pill most days (not all) along with clonidine daily and I feel fine! I participate in lecture discussions, talk to people around me, etc. Side effects: a slight ""nodding"" effect"" and bit drowsy but I sort of like its cool breeze of sedation. Great medicine!"
2010	10.0	Takes the edge off. Wondered if thinning hair was because of stress or a side effect. Has definitely saved me from having a meltdown though, even though I am on the lowest dosage.
2011	5.0	It works sometimes while other times it makes me more depressed
2012	9.0	Klonopin made me irritable &amp; short with people especially as they began wearing off. Xanax are ok but made my food taste better so I gained some. So Ativan several days now and its just perfect. Little sleepy but I'll work through that.
2013	8.0	I've been receiving relief from the intense anxiety l used to feel that started 20 yrs ago by taking 0.5 mg of Lorazepam. Usually only at night until my seasonal work kicks into gear and then occasionally once during the day. But it has been a life saver. The triggering divorce from 20 yrs ago left me depressed and the side effects left me spacey and numb. The doctor who identified the real issue as anxiety and not depression l feel saved my life. I guess there are those who get hooked and/or abuse this drug...but it has been safe for me w/ very few side effects. I'm most grateful that it doesn't make me groggy the next day. I'm up and ready and clear headed. A brief attempt w/ Ambien freaked me out as I couldn't remember driving and stuff.
2014	9.0	With in an hour I could think clear and I was able to think about thing with out that heavy bag of lead around my neck. It allowed me to focus and think clearly. Very, very helpful.
2015	8.0	I've been taking this for about 4 mths as needed it works fine for me for my anxiety I've tried Paxil which made me feel like a zombie and pretty much out of it I hated it hate taking meds but this has helped me curb my anxiety
2016	8.0	Most subtle of the benzos i have tried.  Made me sleepy the first hour or two, but then stabilized anxiety and mood for about 6 hours.  Much longer lasting than it is given credit for.  Good PRN medication.  Other benzos cause some moodiness or depression even.  Although I think Lorazepam can, it is much smoother than others.  It again is too sedating for many people though.  I liked it about as good as Clonazepam, it is better than Valium IMO.
2017	10.0	I have social anxiety &amp; knew I'd literally fail out of grad school if I did not do something about my immense fear of public speaking (when my Social Anxiety is at its worst). I'd have a shaky voice, dry mouth, nausea, my heart would race and I would be physically shaking. Knowing those physical side effects would happen just made me more nervous and make it even worse.  I take one of these an hour before my presentations now (and only when I have a presentation, like every few weeks, it's not a daily thing!) &amp; it *definitely* lowers the physical effects so I can get through it, though I still get (way less) nervous. I only get a slight shaky voice, but my heart does not race, no dry mouth, nausea &amp; I don't shake. It was honestly a life saver for me.
2018	10.0	This is the one thing I can always count on to help me when I am in need . I have dealing with anxiety and depression my whole life I am 23 . It is great for calming you down I don't know what I would do without it
2019	9.0	I've been taking Ativan for a bit and I think it's a wonder medicine, the only thing is when you run out you are not in a good mood and feel really sick. But the most part use them as they tell you.
2020	10.0	I just started taking lorazepam (ATIVAN), I take it most days. Sometimes I don't depending on how I feel. I feel really good on it. I am on 0.5MG. My psych said I can take two though. It relieves my anger, anxiety, and helps with my concentration a little. I am bi-polar and ADD/ADHD. I didn't think benzos would do anything for me because I had been on Xanax and Klonopin and they did nothing but make me sleepy or agitated for me but there is HOPE. I give it an A .
2021	10.0	"I had a SEVERE panic/depression episode and was contemplating suicide (didn't tell Dr. about that part though) with uncontrollable crying ""spells"" and was prescribed 2mg Ativan and it was effective within just a few minutes. I calmed down and the racing thoughts, thoughts of suicide, and other feelings went on hold long enough to compose myself. I was on these for a few weeks and it saved my life. I was already on 2mg Xanax ER at the time but it didn't touch the episode I was having at the current time. However, the Xanax ER was very effective for what it was for, I just had an episode triggered by a bad event that override the power of the Xanax at the time."
2022	10.0	I was in the E.R. for my usual anxiety waiting to be sent to a Mental health treatment facility.  I lay there for seven hours. I tired but I could not sleep. It's like the voices around me were getting louder and louder.  I eventually exploded. It took three security people and nurse stuck me in my thigh from a distance with Ativan, it was great. The Anxiety demons went away and I felt normal. I was later prescribed Ativan. I've tried many medicines in my twenty seven year battle with Depression and Social anxiety and anxiety and O.C.D. and P.D.S.D. Nothing works like Ativan.
2023	9.0	I have been on lorazepam for anxiety for a few years now. I started 1mg three times a day, then increased to 2mg three times a day. After the years on it I decided to stop taking it and the other seventeen medicines I was taking. I didn't have any withdrawal per say. After a two month break from it I have started it again today due to rough times in life causing me anxiety. 
2024	9.0	It does help to cure anxiety, for a while at any rate. No side effects, except sleep, but you don't wake up drowsy in the morning. Good!
2025	10.0	I have been having anxiety since I was 7-8 years old! I used to take Paxil when I was about 18 years old and it helped except for the upset stomach part but then that went away (from Paxil) I was 1st prescribed lorazepam when I was I think 20, and have been taking it now for 12 years! Love it and only thing I find is I get a dry mouth every now and then but its not so horrible as some of the other ones I've taken. I'm just trying to find another medicine now that can stop the attacks.
2026	10.0	"One of the first medications given to me to help with my social anxiety and panic attacks. Never failed me, and actually help me get past my anxiety during job interviews and applications, which normally had me throwing up and shaking before hand.

 I never took it often enough to get much tolerance, although with in a year, I admit, about 2 times when i had extra I took it recreationally."
2027	8.0	Though I've rated this medication an 8 (when I first started taking it I would have rated it at 12!). I must caution ANY who use it to use it STRICTLY as directed by your (presumably responsible/knowledgeable psych/med doc).
2028	10.0	I have been on Lorazepam for about 2 years for severe anxiety due to job loss.  I take 2mg daily and this medication really helps.  Helps for sleeping at night, no side affects. Tried some other medicines in the same class, but only Lorazepam seems to do the job.
2029	10.0	Great experience. Totally cured my anxiety but habit forming. Works wonders.
2030	10.0	I have been taking Ativan for the past 28 years! Initially it was 0.5mg 2/3 times a day for a few months. Later 0.5mg twice a day for about 2/3 years. Then once a day for 5/6 years. Since then I regularly take 0.75mg once a day in the morning during all these years. I have never exceeded the dosage and I am able to skip the tablet on many Sundays when I don't need to go out or do stressful things. I am sure I will be able to stop taking the medicine when I want but as the dosage is small I have made it a habit to pop 3/4th of 1mg pill daily before I start to office. Side effects - I am unable to distinguish as I am 61 yrs now and have formed some forgetfulness and some usual age related minor personal problems. Ativan is a great medicine!
2031	10.0	Relaxes me, helps me sleep without any side effects! That's very rare for me, usually medicine like that makes me irritable and groggy the next day.
2032	10.0	Can be sedating, but gets the job done
2033	9.0	Ativan will definitely help calm you down, but stick to the script! If you quit cold turkey you will have withdrawals for a week. You build a slight tolerance for it and want more. If you give in and take more you will run out before refill time and then come the withdrawals! But it does do its job on anxiety!
2034	10.0	I JUST took my first Lorazepam 2 days ago. I had them in my purse for 2 weeks trying to cope with my severe anxiety attacks.  After leaving a 12 year abusive marriage and being diagnosed with an autoimmune Thyroid disease I have been a basket case. So thankful I finally took one. I only take 1/3rd of the 0.5 pill but it prevents the attacks. I still feel some anxiety so maybe I will try 1/2 a pill. I am just paranoid about pills. So thankful for these...would not be coping without them!
2035	8.0	I took this with Paxil. The combination made me feel normal and I was able to control my anger and it helped tremendously with severe night time anxiety.
2036	9.0	"After recovery from prostate cancer 8 mos. ago, I began experiencing panic attacks &amp; General Anxiety Disorder. 
I have tried 3 different therapists (psychobabblers), and 4 diff SSRI's, all to no avail. The only effective treatment that resolved my difficulties was Ativan. My prescription is 1 mg up to 3 times a day as needed. 1 mg per day works 90% of time. It's rare that I need 2, and never 3. Without it I'd be looking for the highest bridge. "
2037	9.0	Had a horrible panic attack,  never had one before &amp; the doctor explained what was going on &amp; gave me Ativan. Works amazing for me.
2038	10.0	I used this medication thirty years ago for anxiety, and recently, I had to get another prescription for it. I have always felt near-immediate relief when taking it. I weigh over 200 pounds, and the 1mg taken as needed gives me relief from an occasional anxious or panicky feelings. I've had no other side-effects, such as drowsiness, etc., even when taken in the daytime.
2039	10.0	For three months I suffered from debilitating nausea (without vomiting).  I couldn't get out of bed because I constantly felt like I was going to vomit.  It was absolutely horrible and I could not figure out what was wrong with me.  I've always been an anxious/stressed out person but never thought that it was out of the ordinary.  Finally my family forced me to go to the doctor and she told me that because of my upcoming life events (getting married, moving out) and because of my Type A personality, it's likely I have a slight chemical imbalance in my brain which could be causing my extreme nausea. She put me on sertraline, but also gave me lorazepam for sudden anxiety/nausea attacks. My nausea is GONE and I feel better than ever!
2040	9.0	Very reliable. I am allowed to take 1mg/3x a day, but usually I get by with 2x/day. Very few side effects.
2041	10.0	I had a great experience with Ativan.  It does a great job of heading off a panic attack when you feel one coming on.  It works very quickly (5 minutes or less).  It doesn't make you feel drunk or high, but more just kind of relaxed and mellow (a bit sleepy).  I took a very low dose, as needed, and it's just nice to have something in case I need it, that wasn't real addictive or habit forming.  Like having a spare tire.  You don't have to use it very often, but it's comforting knowing you have one, and it will get you through.  I didn't notice any side effects at all to be honest, except for feeling sleepy when I took it sometimes, but that's not always a bad thing.
2042	10.0	Ativan has changed my life for the better. I can do things now that I used to have to avoid because of my anxiety, such as public speaking and being in high places. I even went on a roller coaster last month for the first time in 20 years. I have extreme hypertension (taking Lisinopril for that), and sometimes blood pressure spikes will trigger an anxiety attack. I take a 0.5 Ativan when that happens, and in about 20 minutes I'm fine. I'm so grateful to now have this medicine.
2043	8.0	Very effective for me. It has also been prescribed for my vertigo as well as anxiety. 0.5 mg is enough for me to feel the anxious feeling subside. Sometimes even half a pill is fine to take the edge off. I only use about 5 pills a month.
2044	10.0	This is by far the best anxiety medication on the market for immediate help it takes about 10 min. To feel the effects and it is wonderful it's immediate relaxation. I had anxiety about 5 years ago and Ativan cured it. Unfortunately I have been under a lot of financial stress lately and it started bothering me again so my doc put me back on them and it has already killed the anxiety again. Definitely a miracle drug be careful they are for short term only. 
2045	10.0	This chills me ever so slightly.  I was suffering from anxiety, feeling dizzy, and in a panic that I was really sick.  It ruined my summer.  I took a half of an ativan and it made me feel like myself again.  It doesn't make you high, crazy like or out of it. It just makes you feel nice. 
2046	9.0	Worked okay. 
2047	9.0	Of all the medicines I have tried for alleviating anxiety, this was the ONLY one that really worked. I suffer from the co-morbidity of depression as well as mild ADHD and am now trying 1-3mg (as needed) usually 1mg in the morning and 2mg if I experience panic attacks. It has helped me function normally during periods of unbelievable stress (divorce,  bankruptcy, separation from my beloved kids) and ongoing emotional trauma. It doesn't interfere with other medicines (Zoloft and Concerta) and is wonderfully calming. 
2048	5.0	"I was given Ativan before having an MRI done. I have extreme claustrophobia and was unable to get the MRI done even the open MRI type machine. I took 2mg. one hour before the test. Right up until the test I was terrified. However, within five minutes, being in the MRI machine, I was out! I mean out, in a different world. It was scarey. I had an IV placed and didn't feel a thing. The whole test (an hour or longer) went perfectly. 
Here is the really scarey part. I came home and went about my usual business. At supper, read the paper, even drove in town. The next day I had absolutely no memory of the previous day. The Ativan caused severe amnesia."
2049	10.0	I've been taking Ativan for almost 4 yrs now. I take 0.5mg 2-4 times a day depending on how my day is going. It works very well for me. When I start feeling anxiety I start getting gaggy and I take a pill and within 15-20 mins I am calm. Only side effect I had was a little dizzy the first time taking it and sleepy, but went away after the first day. My only problem now is I have social anxiety and it doesn't help with that. I give this medicine a 10 .
2050	9.0	I lost my darling husband 5 weeks ago. My doctor gave me Lorazepam 0.50 mg. I still get upset but I'm much better than I was. The crying and not eating was making me feel so much worse. These pills are a God send.
2051	8.0	Works pretty good for anxiety if taken the right way.
2052	5.0	While Ativan definitely helped me deal with anxiety for short periods of time after administration, I found that it gave me awful rebound anxiety within 4-6 hours after as it began to wear off. It is very short acting, which can be great for taking care of acute panic / anxiety attacks, but it's NOT a good choice for individuals who must take a it multiple times a day.
2053	5.0	It worked okay, but the half-life for me wasn't enough.  It seemed as soon as the Ativan wore off, the anxiety came back swinging.  
2054	6.0	Effective but will make you drowsy in the beginning. You have to get used to it.Only used during short periods of time when anxiety seemed to be an issue in my life. Dr told me it doesn't work as well the longer you are on it.
2055	8.0	"I was prescribed the 0.5mg tabs for anxiety and panic attacks. I have only been taking them for a few days now but they definitely do calm me down. The only side effects I get are a little sleepiness and a slight headache.

I don't think the 0.5mg tab would be enough for a full on panic attack, I think I would need to take 3 or 4 of them. My only problem with these pills is that sometimes it takes 2 or 3 hours for it to fully kick in."
2056	10.0	I take Lorazepam 1mg for social anxiety and Cerebral Palsy. It works really good for me. It really helps muscle spasm I have. It has really helped me a lot!
2057	8.0	"After serveral failed attemps of using SSRI's to help with my panic attacks, my Dr perscribed me 0.5mg of Ativan to use when needed to ""break the cycle"" of panic. Along with everyone else, I'm telling you to use with caution if you are taking Ativan, because it is very addicting. I'm 21 yr old female who has suffered from panic attacks since I was 15. Ativan is a great safety net when needed, no side effects except some small cloudiness. Use with caution and be knowledgeable. Learn what panic is, what sets you off, and how to use coping mechanisms before using medication. And always do research on what medications you are being prescribed and be the judge if this medicine, in the long term, will benefit you. Knowledge is the key to beating panic."
2058	10.0	I've had horrible traumas happen when I was younger that still haunt me. I wake up shaking and can't sleep on my own. I've been on Seroquel, Buspar, and Vistaril. None helped. My doctor finally prescribed Ativan and it has worked wonders! I feel great, don't wake up shaking, can actually sleep, and feel calm. Love it.
2059	10.0	I've suffered from anxiety disorder for years and have tried several different medications like Xanax and Klonopin but they made me too drowsy. Ativan works well and has very little sedating effect.
2060	6.0	My psychiatrist has prescribed this medicine for my acute anxiety for years. Rarely did I ever need it while I was on Paxil. About 3 months after I had weaned myself of Paxil I started having anxiety attacks again, and rather than get back on it I resorted to taking 1mg lorazepam as needed for about a month. I got back on Paxil and found discontinuing lorazepam to be moderately difficult. I had some major sleep disturbances, along with elevated anxiety and paranoia.  It took me about 3 days at 0.25mg for these to go away.  I recommend this medicine as a supplement to an antidepressant, but not as a stand-alone remedy.  
2061	7.0	It works well for my anxiety, but tends to last longer than I need it to. Also I get an odd effect when taken with my Ritalin. It causes me to remain focused but on many random tasks so its some times counter productive at work.
2062	10.0	I have had really bad anxiety and panic attacks because I'm a bad hypochondriac and am very afraid of vomiting. So I was prescribed it and I have 1/2 a pill whenever I need it, and it takes it away and I enjoy the rest of my day instead of freaking out. I have had NO SIDE EFFECTS.
2063	5.0	Ativan 0.5mg calms me down considerably within 30 minutes, but the side effects are so bad that I can't continue to take it. I experienced EXTREME, loss of energy, tiredness, laziness, apathy, and increase in appetite.  This might be okay for someone who's at home trying to recover from panic attacks, but not for me. I work 5 days a week and this past week that I was only taking 1 x 0.5mg pill a day was the absolute worst week I've ever had at work, living in a fog and totally wiped out of energy. I hardly got ANYTHING done which is totally out of character for me.  Also when this medicine wears off in a few hours it makes me very irritable and nervous. 
2064	8.0	Ativan always helps calm me down 0.5 mg dose, but when it wears off it makes me a little extra nervous but all in all a very effective medicine. Side effect is drowsiness and laziness haha. But I function so much better when my mind doesn't have the anxiety.
2065	10.0	I started taking Ativan about 4 months ago and I found it was very effective. It saved my life. I suffered really badly with depression, anxiety and panic attacks. This tablet stops the thoughts racing through my mind and calms me down straight away.
2066	6.0	Ativan has been a life saver on several occasions in treating my ongoing anxiety; however, I hate that it's so 'short lived'.  I take it only when I need it but have noticed that the more I need it, the stronger dose I need as well. I started out by breaking my 1mg tabs in half, now I find myself taking 1-2mg at a time in order to feel any relief from the anxiety.
2067	10.0	I've had very little side effects with this medicine and it quickly takes the edge off of a panic attack.
2068	10.0	I have just taken Ativan 1mg this morning. I feel just like I felt before all of this anxiety took over my life. I am happy to be me again, hopeful for it to be this easy for future attacks. I am so tired of the doctors in the ER knowing me by face and first name basis because of this condition. I started to lose my mind and had my entire family worried about me. But now after just 1mg of Ativan just today, I feel like I can get through this. If you experienced a panic attack and you are not stressed out you too will think that you are being mis-diagnosed just like me all 17 times in 2 months in the ER, but after taking Ativan I believe the doctors now and I thank them!
2069	4.0	I have been on Ativan since January 2011, started out with 0.5mg then went to 1mg and have felt better. I used them not only for my anxiety but also to sleep because I have a hard time sleeping at night. I now feel that I can stop taking the medicines for the anxiety, have not had an attack for months but take the medicines to sleep at night. I tried to stop taking Ativan and the withdrawals were so bad I had to start taking them again and now going to see my doctor to help me come off them. 
2070	10.0	With Ativan I still felt like myself and it made me happy. I didn't have to feel all shitty and boring. Ativan saved me! It releases faster in my opinion or it reacts nicer.
2071	3.0	"This medication worked for my anxiety but made me a complete zombie. I would forget things I was doing and just had a drowsy I don't care attitude. It got rid of my anxiety but interrupted my daily work routine because I couldn't think to function. 

I would only recommend if you are having extreme jump out of your skin anxiety, otherwise try to do things naturally. I started taking vitamins and working out regularly and my anxiety has gone down at least 60%."
2072	9.0	"I take 0.5 mg of Ativan as needed and it works wonders.  Anytime I get ""wound up"" and tense and can't catch my breath I will place one under my tongue and it does the trick!  I don't seem to get sleepy from them either.  Fortunately, I don't need it very often but when I do it calms me down quick."
2073	5.0	I am on 1mg of it 2x a day as needed for panic attacks, and it takes the edge off, but it does not fully calm down everything, it also helps me sleep well.
2074	9.0	My doctor prescribed lorazepam 0.5mg for anxiety brought on by health issues. I found this medicine to be very effective and helped me sleep and feel refreshed in the morning. I only take it if absolutely necessary. 
2075	10.0	I take it mainly for flying.  Take it about 30 minutes before take-off and by the time we're taxiing I'm relaxed and not scared.
2076	4.0	It worked well at first. I was on 1 mg as needed after being diagnosed with M.S. I built a tolerance very quickly even though I was only taking 1 pill 2-3 days a week. Soon I needed 2 at a time, then 3 at a time just to slightly calm my anxiety and panic attack, not fully taking it away (at this time I had been on them approximately a year and a half). Even the first day that I started taking Ativan took 20-30 minutes to feel the effect. Anyone who has severe anxiety or panic attacks knows that is an unbearable amount of time to feel relief. I am now on 1 mg Xanax, which is a God send.
2077	8.0	I rarely take it but it has saved me from a few panic attacks. Makes me a bit sleepy but overall the side Effects are tolerable. I actually find 0.5mg effective.
2078	10.0	I have taken this drug for many years. HAVE HAD SEVERE ILLNESSES ETC. AND WOULD NOT BE ABLE TO KEEP GOING WITHOUT IT.  Best medication I have ever taken
2079	10.0	I have been a broken wreck for the last 6 months. My doctor put me on a combination of Celexa (citalopram) and 2 x 0.5 mg lorazepam daily. Been doing that for last 6 months and I'm happy again and actually now getting married. All I know is you live once and this medicine helps me. 
2080	9.0	I was on 1mg of Ativan at night as needed. It worked pretty well. Once the side effects went away (a little sleepy and off-balance) I started taking half a pill in the daytime whenever I felt stressed and it seemed to last most of the day. It also helps whenever I feel angry at work. If not for Ativan, I would probably have quit my job or knocked someone out.
2081	4.0	I was prescribed Lorazepam 1mg up to 3x a day, but they don't seem to be touching me. I suffer from panic attacks, anxiety, etc., and I just permanently feel wired, my legs are going 100mph all the time. I get bad thoughts of doom from nowhere. If I'm not focused on something 100%, I end up letting little thoughts of what if I pass out, etc. I've tried lots of SSRI's as well. 
2082	8.0	It all started with the death of my fiancee and the father of my kids back in 1999. I started with mild anxiety, poster traumatic stress disorder and panic. It got a little better and I was off medicines from 2000 to 2006. Then in October 2006 I woke up and I thought I was going to die and was in the ER A LOT, for like 3 weeks finally went to psych doctor and they started giving me Ativan. I am very medicine-phobic and have only taken Ativan for the last 5 yrs, 3 mgs a day. Some days it feels the Ativan doesn't work at all and other days I get good relief fast. I have been prescribed numerous SSRIs and am always scared to take them because of all the side effects Ativan gives me no side effects. Recently I was told my blood pressure may be high as a result of the severe anxiety/panic. I'm scared. 
2083	10.0	This medicine has given me my life back. I went to the ER three times last week alone, and was finding myself in the ER twice a week on a regular basis. Finally the doctor there prescribed me this medicine. It works wonders, and puts my anxiety to a minimum. It helps with the chest and throat tightness. I feel great. The only downside is after about 4 hours my symptoms come back. So I take another and am once again feeling better! I'd recommend it to anyone suffering severe anxiety.
2084	9.0	I have had anxiety and panic attacks all my life, stopping me from doing things I love like going to six flags or riding an airplane..or even going out to watch a movie or shop and most importantly work. I just got prescribed Ativan and buspirone, and I've only taken the Ativan last night which helps but took a while to kick in approximately 30 -45 mins.
2085	9.0	"Initially, I was prescribed Ativan for anxiety related to menopause. I took 0.25 mg every few days for that. Then, after a death in my immediate family, I began taking 0.25 to 0.5 mg almost every afternoon.  My prescription reads ""1 mg up to 3 x daily as needed"".  I have never needed more than 0.5 mg a day. I have not felt the need to increase beyond that dose. Ativan helps me think clearly and removes the stress that is pretty prevalent in my life at the moment. It also allows me to rest at night."
2086	9.0	I started taking Ativan about 3 months ago for extreme anxiety. I couldn't sleep, eat, or get anything done. I was seeing a CBT therapist but even my therapy wasn't helping. My doctor prescribed Ativan and my dad, who is a psychologist, agreed. It's for the worst moments when I feel like I'm either going to go to the hospital or just completely go crazy. For that purpose it works very well. I feel relaxed in about a half hour and can function again. I don't take it every day or every week but I can't imagine being addicted to something if it makes you feel normal. I don't feel high or anything. I'm so glad I was prescribed this and decided to take it.
2087	10.0	I was battling depression along with panic attacks.  They first had me on Xanax.  After a while wanted to get off that but was still having panic attacks.  Not 1 since I started Ativan. Also I find it much easier to focus and get things done now.
2088	10.0	I have been on Ativan for probably the better part of 15 years. These last 7 years everyday. I am a recovering alcoholic (6 years and 27 days without a drink) I was self medicating and I sometimes have horrible panic attacks, and I often have high anxiety. This calms me down. I also have back problems and am in pain management, and taken with my pain medicines they kick each other in stronger.
2089	10.0	This has helped me A LOT!
2090	1.0	Ativan does not help my constant state of anxiety. I always have tight feeling in chest and jittery body movements.  
2091	10.0	I feel like Ativan saved my life! Before getting it prescribed, I was sure I was going to have a heart attack. My chest was tight on a daily basis and I found for most of the day I could barely breathe without consciously thinking about it. I don't take Ativan daily, only when I start to feel these symptoms. And within 10-15 minutes I forget that I was uncomfortable at all. No side effects, either.  I would recommend it to anyone rather than a daily anti- depressant which is often prescribed for anxiety.
2092	10.0	Lorazepam 2mgs helps me live.
2093	10.0	Periodontist prescribed before dental surgery - 2 x 1MG tabs 1 1/2 hrs before my appointment. It was great!  I do not remember anything about the surgery and obviously felt no anxiety - yet was awake the whole time. Great for this purpose.
2094	9.0	Relieves major case of anxiety at 2 mg for 4 to 6 hrs.
2095	9.0	I've been taking a year. Works well for me to decrease the nausea and remove the intensity.  No side effects while on it.  However, there was one day I went without it and drank alcohol. I experienced a very severe panic attack and the effects lasted for 4 hours.  So I would imagine coming off this later will be a process.  I do not plan on stopping for at least another year.  Worth noting I do not drink anymore, so if alcohol is a part of your life, you have to take that into consideration as to how much you can drink (if any) and how you will feel as a result.
2096	9.0	Extremely effective for relief of severe anxiety and it has given me back functioning after years of truly disabling suffering.  It should always be used on an as-needed or short term basis to avoid tolerance and addiction. 
2097	9.0	I developed anxiety attacks, as many do after a Total Thyroidectomy.  I suffered for a year with inadequate thyroid treatment and all the awful things that come with it. Then developed panic/anxiety attacks.  They would last 6 or 7 hours at a time.  I would barely feel better and then I got another. Ativan helped in 15 minutes. I've been taking it for two months and it has given me back the small part left of my post-thyroid life. Thanks to my thyroidectomy, I will never be well again.  But at least I don't have panic attacks.
2098	9.0	I have been in many situations but once my company went bankrupt and the bills started piling up I began to have such severe anxiety attacks that I have lost my vision. Had numbing in my lips and trouble sleeping. I take 0.5 mg when I notice my anxiety coming on. Take 1 mg before I go to bed, helps me relax enough to sleep naturally without being tired the next day. I started taking some supplements and exercising and noticed that I need less and less throughout the day. 
2099	5.0	I was prescribed 1mg lorazepam about 3 months ago. This medicine is really not helping me that much. I have severe anxiety and depression and was taking Xanax for 6 years. But doctors want to put you on something less addictive. With the lorazepam I take 3 1mg pills a day, my anxiety goes down 1/4 of the way.
2100	10.0	Good medicine, use daily up to 3 mg/day. On it for 15 years. Have ADD and DID, so take also to calm down with all that's going in my head. Keeps me sane so why not and I need it to make my days okay.
2101	10.0	Hello, I'm a 38 year old female that had a seizure for the first time 3 weeks ago.  I ended up in the hospital for 10 days. EEG did not show anything.  I noticed that when I would think about my ill father, and upcoming responsibilities that I'm going to have to deal with, my foot starts cramping up, then leads up my leg until it makes my whole body do weird movements, and my hands and feet feel like they are spiraling and crushing in my skin (hallucinating feeling).  I breath deep, fast, panicky.   sometimes I pass out at the end and become incoherent,  and sometimes the cramping just releases in an instant and I remember everything.   Ativan is the only thing that prevents this from happening.
2102	10.0	Cant make it through a day without it.
2103	1.0	I have anxiety disorder. Ativan 1 mg. does nothing for me. No side effects either.
2104	10.0	Ativan saved my life.
2105	9.0	"Going through a heart breaking split with the love of my life after seven years.  Hows does this happen?  Well, when a man (me) is 20 years older than his love, it's inevitable.  She is 31, beautiful and feels her clock ticking.  I have already raised my kids.  You get the picture.  The gut wrenching part is that we love each other.  

That said, you can imagine the wild ride I've been on emotionally.  This medicine saved me.  I'm sleeping, eating some what and my head doesn't race so much with the thoughts of her someday in a new family.  I can function, and the tears for the most part have stopped.

0.5 mg 3 x a day as needed.  Right now I take it 2 to 3 times a day but feel I can probably get down to just twice daily.

This medicine has saved me."
2106	8.0	1mg during a panic attack is good with minor dopiness felt. 0.5mg if panic is on-setting and to keep it at bay.
2107	10.0	Ativan has been great for me and my anxiety. I have been using it for over 10 years but don't take it everyday just when needed. I may go a month and not need it. I really don't know what I would have done without it.
2108	10.0	"Love it. My doctor just tried to switch me to Buspar, but I just read all the reviews and found not one good thing. I don't even plan to try it.

I have been taking 1 mg of Ativan as needed for panic attacks for a year and will stick with it."
2109	10.0	I've been taking Ativan for over a year and a half. It's a wonderful quick cure for anxiety. I recently have been going through some rough times and my anxiety has been through the roof.  But thanks to my wonderful doctoring staff, I have been handling it very well. 
2110	8.0	I developed anxiety very fast and didn't know what it was until one day when my heart was beating out of my chest and I started worrying about my life changes. Went to ER twice in a month thought I was going to have a heart attack. I am 25 and I never knew anxiety can be this bad. I started taking Ativan and it's been 4 months now. I started with 2 a day and now I'm taking one a day. It's a great pill not many side effects, a bit disoriented sometimes but I can sleep better and eat more. I am planning on staying on it until my life gets back on track and once everything settles down I will get off of it. Anxiety is a hard thing to deal with on your own. Only if you have it you understand.
2111	9.0	Quite simply the most effective anti anxiety medicine available
2112	9.0	It is giving me diarrhea.
2113	10.0	This medicine is wonderful!  I have severe anxiety problems that have been leaving me literally sleepless.  I finally went back to my doctor after getting only 8 hours of sleep in 3 days.  I was on Lunesta sleep aid and he kept me on it, but added lorazepam and said to take it with my sleeping pills each night.  Now I'm out like a baby without a  care in the world.  I can still feel the effects the next day, as I'm much more relaxed about things.  I would definitely recommend this to someone who has similar problems to mine.
2114	10.0	I been on Ativan for 3 years now. It totally cures my panic attacks! I don't leave home without it. My doctor just switched me to Klonopin and I'm scared it won't work as well. I have not tried it yet.
2115	8.0	I've been on Ativan for almost a month and at times I feel like my anxiety has diminished and other times it sticks around. Initially it worked great, however I had to increase my dose so now I'm not certain if I will be able to continue taking this medicine.
2116	8.0	I had panic attacks for years.  I started using Celexa at 10mg per day and the panic attacks stopped.  I still get nervous when I am in situations where there is focused attention on me (social phobia).  That is where the Ativan plays it's role.  Before a social situation, I take a 5mg Ativan.  It is fast acting and wears off quickly.  It allows me to relax into a situation and become comfortable with the new environment.  I only take it a few times a month, so there is no danger of becoming addicted.  Just knowing I have one pill with me helps me face situations better.  It's a 'crutch', I know.  But, when dealing with anxiety, we all know that we do what ever we can to cope!
2117	10.0	I have been on Ativan 0.5mg up to 3 times a day for 8 days now. It has reduced my major anxiety to a minimum and I feel I will be on this medicine for good. I'm okay with that as I had to learn the hard way that I need medication to battle my illness. I've been on several antidepressants and this medicine has helped me as much as any that I took in the past. My concern now is, is the Prozac/Zyprexa cocktail working for me or is it all the Ativan that is doing the job. Will talk with my psychiatrist later today and find out what our next plan is.
2118	9.0	"I was prescribed this today and took it tonight as a ""trial"" run as the doctor advised. For years but especially after my second psychiatric hospitalization I started having panic attacks. First I was prescribed Vistaril which did nothing. So far the generic lorazepam I'm taking has worked well. I'm not anxious at all, though slightly drowsy."
2119	2.0	I received a shot last week of this at the hospital. It was great at first and was working great for my severe panic attacks, then about 45 minutes later, I started seeing Mickey mouse bumper boats and pink pigs standing in cake. The hospital didn't do anything for me and this is considered a severe side effect. They sent me home and then I slept for 36 hours and had a Migraine for 2 days after. I image it works for others but not me, way to many side effects, when I have 2 kids I have to take care of.
2120	10.0	I am a 79 year old woman. I was prescribed 1MG of Ativan years ago for sleep as I am a naturally anxious person...worrier etc. Last November I went through a traumatizing surgery on my back and came up with GAD.  I was put on Cymbalta, which made me very sick.  I was left with this jittery, crying daily problem and I finally asked if I could break up a 1MG Ativan pill and take some of it when I felt these awful jitters coming on.  He agreed it was O.K. I resisted it for a week or two after reading some of the posts but I now think I am old and I need to stop being anxiety ridden.  My family deserves for me to be normal.  If taking Ativan accomplishes this. O.K.
2121	5.0	I was on Ativan for Generalized Anxiety Disorder with Panic Disorder.  It worked okay, however once I started seeing a specialist, I changed to Klonopin.  I find that Klonopin is much more consistent, meaning I don't feel it kick in and wear off like I did the Ativan, this apparently is due to its longer half-life.  I did find out the hard way, that these are abused by some people, so don't leave them accessible in any way.  I had mine stolen once, bad experience!
2122	10.0	I couldn't think straight, get a full breath, became very disorientated and nothing made sense.  For a long time I thought I was going crazy! I started the drug and only had to use 1mg once a month due to an attack.  After a bad break up and change in life I experienced anxiety everyday and the only thing that will stop that is this pill.  It works great but don't like how I have to take once a day now.  I believe once I get to a better place in my life I will need less doses.  I will not go anywhere without my bottle.  I am trying to get off this pill now and trying it with the Lexapro.
2123	8.0	I just recently discovered I had really bad GAD. More bad than I thought. I always knew I had it and a few bars of Xanax always worked wonders in those harsh times. But unfortunately I can no longer get Xanax so decided to just finally go to Doctor. My doctor put me first on Paxil which works....just not good enough for me. Then he prescribed me 0.5mg Ativan every 8 hours. This is a great medicine for Anxiety. It's working great for me, just like the Xanax was. I'm content with these medicine.
2124	10.0	I started having anxiety attacks after divorce and bankruptcy/foreclosure loss of business and having to take jobs I really wasn't suited for.  I went to see a therapist and was prescribed Lorazepam 0.5mg twice a day. That helped a little bit but within the first month I was taking 1mg 3 times a day to control it. Now, over a year later I take up to 5, 1mg tabs a day and some days don't need any. It has been a life saver and it even helped with chronic muscle spasms I have in my back.
2125	8.0	If Xanax is not available, then Ativan is my second choice. I have Chronic anxiety and Panic attacks associated with PTSD. 
2126	10.0	I was a major addict (meaning like 5 blunts a day), and was having trouble quitting. Every time I would stop smoking I would have major anxiety attacks. I would get super angry over small things, snap quickly, yell at my girlfriend, and crave smoking like crazy because I knew the anxiety came from not smoking. As soon as I started smoking again I would feel fine. So I quit again, but this time I started an Ativan regimen and am now smoke free. The side effects of feeling tired or a little lazy, doesn't compare to the side effects of smoking, being a bum and having no motivation. I wonder if this would work for cigarette smokers?
2127	8.0	Very good
2128	7.0	It seems to calm me but I am also an avid yoga participant so not always sure which is helping more.
2129	8.0	"This drug works very well for anxiety, and I find it works better than Klonopin without causing the unbearable drowsiness from Xanax. I would give it a 10 because of how much it helped me control some irrational thinking and anger problems, along with frequent panic attacks.

Yes, I am physically addicted to this drug but it has made a great difference in my life for the better."
2130	8.0	With proper dosing, i.e.,enough mgs, Ativan works very well in controlling my irritability and anxiety. The only temporary, mild side-effects that occurred were a slight lack of motivation, slight feelings of disorientation, which these dissipated quickly.
2131	9.0	I have been using Ativan for over 1 year and I am extremely pleased with its actions. I have been a chronic back pain sufferer for over a decade. My pain, medications, and change of lifestyle cause much anxiety, and my quality of life has greatly been improved since beginning use of Ativan. I was started on 1 mg 3X a day (when required) and still find it effective, at same dosage, but have noticed I don't get as tired after taking a dose as I once did, which is a good thing.
2132	6.0	I've been taking Bupropion for depression about 5 years and my doctor added Lorazapam about 6 months ago for anxiety. I take 1 mg usually once a day although sometimes the day may call for a second dose. I try to wait until late in the day to take it, since I also take Rozerum for sleeplessness. Lorazapam usually works in about 20 minutes to calm things down but probably half the time I may not realize any change. Rozerum alone at bedtime gives me 3-4 hours sleep but by taking Lorazapam a few hours sooner I get 5-6 hours sleep. No noticeable side effects.
2133	10.0	I have been dealing with a lot of stress, and ended up in the hospital with a panic attack. I have anxiety and panic disorder, and I have been taking Ativan for nearly three months. I only take it when I am at the point I can no longer breathe, and I am shaking. It is quick and effective, it causes me to calm down enough that I can breath, I stop shaking, and I am able to concentrate. I love it, and am pleased with the effects of it. The down side, is I tend to feel a bit loopy for like an hour after taking it, but then I'm fine again, also eating helps this time period. Unfortunately I have to switch to Xanax because my new doctor likes them more. I'm hoping for the same effect, but I would completely recommend it.
2134	8.0	Great for relatively fast relief.
2135	10.0	Fast and effective.
2136	9.0	Overall great medication, keep it at a small dose use only when you really need it. First try fighting your anxiety and then if that doesn't help, use your medicines. This drug has been proven to become addicting, I hope this has helped some out there like me suffering from panic attacks and anxiety.
2137	5.0	"I am 28 years old and have been taking Ativan for 7 years now for Anxiety and Panic Attacks. I started at 0.5 mg at bedtime, and over the years have needed constant increases. I am now taking 2 mg three times a day. The pill does it's job, but if I am even a hour late taking it (from when I usually do) I start developing severe mood swings, agitation, anxiety, total feeling like I am going crazy. I take the pill, and in about a hour I am feeling normal again. This has caused alot of stress in my relationship. My wife knows exactly when I need my pill, and even my oldest son started saying ""I think daddy needs his pill"" I have tried to taper in the past but the withdrawal side effects were bad. I hope one day to come off this drug."
2138	1.0	"I have acute panic disorder. I was on SSRI's for a while but they did not work for me to stop the attacks. My doctor decided to put me on Lorazapem. It did stop my panic attacks very well and I started to feel good for a while, I was taking 0.5mg every day. About a year after I had developed a faster heart rate during my panic attacks and I started seeing my pulse pounding on my neck.  I still used it and thought that it was probably a new health condition. After going to several cardiac test, nothing was found wrong with my heart.
I read a message at a discussion board one day.
Ativan may cause rapid heart rate, a pounding pulse on the neck and chest. I stopped taking it and switched to Xanax. All my symptoms went away."
2139	10.0	I have anxiety and I tried valium and xanax but Ativan works best for me.
2140	10.0	I have been taking lorazepam for 1 year after going to ER to be treated for panic attack.  My husband is a bad driver, and we were moving 4000 miles away. I would like to kick it but it does help me get through the days as my husband is difficult to live with.  Retirement is no picnic and can cause anxiety.  Also being deaf can cause stress.
2141	8.0	It works great for anxiety.  The 2 major downfalls I've noticed, is 1) I built up a tolerance FAST, so I need a stronger dosage quite often, and 2) it sometimes takes up to 2 hrs to kick in!  but its a good pill I can take to get me through stressful classes. 
2142	10.0	I have suffered from panic attacks for years and couldn't get by without it...I take it as needed. It works quickly and takes the edge off. I take the 0.5 mg.
2143	4.0	While I was taking lorazepam I did notice my anxiety and stress level to go down. When I decided to go off of the drug, I experienced horrible anxiety for hours at a time. Because of this I am nervous to take anything else for my anxiety.
2144	9.0	Works great for my grandmothers dementia, and sundowner symptoms...
2145	9.0	Has been a wonder drug for me. I keep my dosages low and take no more than needed, sometimes at the cost of not taking enough. My only complaint is it takes too long for it take effect, sometimes up to 2 hrs.
2146	6.0	Originally prescribed for anxiety related to flying. It does well with general non flight-related anxiety (thought racing, panicky feelings), but am having a hard time finding right time to take dosage before a flight. Am prescribed 1 mg (doctor said I could take up to 4 times or so without any adverse effects). So far, I am less anxious on plane (I don't cry as much, at least, but am still shaking and jumpy whole flight). Strangest thing is I never remember getting off plane, claiming baggage and rides to hotel. I always remember flight and being scared, but the airports (both) are a blur! Maybe my timing is off. Am flying again in 1 week, so I will try my timing again. Luckily our favorite vacation spot is only an hour away, but whew.
2147	10.0	Ativan has a troublesome history of abuse and ignorance associated with it. People expecting some magical pill to solve all their problems on a daily basis, following the advise of a doctor rather than there own body. I lead a stressful life and sometimes there's no amount of relaxing watching movies etc to get my body to calm down. I always want to get up and run workout etc. If used properly it's a lifesaving medication for me, losing my hair from stress Gilberts syndrome etc finally I am able to enjoy my life again enjoy movies etc. Used properly it's a tool I wish to have at my touch at all times available. Responsibility and moderation to all. 
2148	10.0	When diagnosed with a rare psychiatrically based seizure disorder over 30 years ago, it took ten tries to find this medication. All the others had significant side effects. The only noticeable one is immediate memory loss, with long term memory intact. I find that an acceptable trade-off.  I take it only as prescribed, but have to be careful of supplements that also thin my blood.
2149	10.0	It's very helpful.
2150	10.0	I do not feel any side effects. I only use it when needed, when I do, it works pretty quickly, my shaking and twitching disappear in a matter of seconds.
2151	8.0	I have terrible anxiety and panic disorder due to PTSD for many years. Ativan has helped me to have a conversation without tripping over my words. I still do that sometimes, but not every time I opened my mouth to speak.
2152	8.0	Good.
2153	10.0	"I'm on 0.5mg 3 times a day. I feel great. I'm happy, calm, and back to my old self again, without anxiety flare ups.
I love this medicine, and would recommend it to anyone. Personally I think this is the best benzodiazepine, take it with caution though, but if you truly need it like I do, then find a doctor willing to prescribe it. Good luck."
2154	8.0	I got anxiety real bad one time and had to go to the hospital.  When I took this, it took my anxiety away in about 10 to 15 minutes, but it made me tired and I woke up later than usual the next day.
2155	9.0	I have been on Ativan or lorazepam for 7 years now. It has saved my life. My now grown children say it is my nice pill. And yes I wasn't a very nice mom when they were growing up. So it is a fare statement. I need it also as an on the spot antianxiety, for depression and nervous breakdowns.
2156	5.0	This drug is okay. It calms me down if I take it as needed but it just makes me tired if I take it all the time.
2157	8.0	Ativan at 0.5mg works for me.  No side effects.  I just feel calm.  My doctor gave me a prescription for 1mg but that causes a drowsiness, which finds me napping and losing part of the day.  So I am not going to take that strength. He said I could take the 0.5mg 2 to 3 times a day if necessary.  I find twice a day is working well.
2158	9.0	I think this drug is wonderful but, like alcohol, it needs to be taken in moderation or else you'll get addicted to it. I like to use Ativan 0.5mg whenever I have a little episode or I'm really stressed and the drug works really quickly. I also use it to put me to sleep. In short: good drug.
2159	7.0	The nurse didn't lie - no anxiety, less nicotine cravings. I'd stay smoke free, but I'm hyper without the cigarettes. At least I've decided strongly against alcohol and drugs. 1 day at a time, 1 step at a time. I'll quit smoking eventually. Then I'll replace the hyperactivity negativity with positive exercise. I don't want another relapse.
2160	10.0	At 19, I experienced my first anxiety attack an was having 5 /day. After visiting the E.R everytime they finally sent me to a psychologist who prescribed me medication, showed relaxation techniques and Bio-feedback. I only take medicines now at 34 (1mg 4 x day generic brand). I WISH I COULD AFFORD ATIVAN IT WORKS BETTER.
2161	9.0	This medication has helped me a lot. I am taking 1mg of lorazepam and 1/2 mg of Xanax and this together works really great. Thanks
2162	6.0	For STATUS EPILEPTICUS: This is what I request be given to my husband at the ER because it stops his seizures and prevents the resulting vomiting. For ANXIETY: 1mg has helped me just enough that I was able to use relaxation techniques and avoid panicking before dental procedures.  For PANIC: Doesn't work for me at all.  For SEDATION: Doesn't work for me at all, even in the maximum dosage.  For NAUSEA: Doesn't work for me at all.  MANIA: 500mcg suppresses manic episodes perfectly for me.  RESULT: I don't think that this works very well in people with severe panic disorder w/ agoraphobia.
2163	10.0	Very good medicine. Helped me out of three days of non stop panic attacks. Went to the ER and the doctor wrote me a prescription.
2164	10.0	This drug gave me my life back, seriously. I suffered a minor heart attack a couple of months ago, caused by a blocked artery. After taking a month off I was feeling fine. However, once I went back to work I would experience severe attacks where I had severe shortness of breath and dizziness. I also had similar attacks while driving. I ended up on the ER 3 times in 3 weeks because I thought I was having another attack. Turns out the severity of the panic/anxiety attacks was the root cause. I take one 1mg a day (2nd 1mg ONLY if necessary) and my life is back to normal.
2165	9.0	Ativan is great for anxiety flare-ups; especially when breathing or alternative methods won't cut it. However, certain manufacturers make their pills slightly differently and some seem to be more sedating and then I feel out of it. I wish there wasn't a price war for the least expensive medication so the pharmacy would stick to one brand. Even the generic isn't working to control my anxiety right now. When my pharmacy carries the right brand, it works perfectly for those fear and flee moments that I can't get under control.
2166	10.0	Truly a life saver. I take 1.0mg on an as needed basis. I like it that it doesn't give me a hang over and it is short acting for me- usually lasts 4 hours. Klonopin works the same but is longer lasting and a little stronger.
2167	5.0	I've had no obvious side effects except dry mouth. I had severe panic attacks (12-15 a day) before taking Ativan. I couldn't work and thought I was dying. Since I started it I have had only one full blown panic attack in 5 years.
2168	9.0	For jet-lag.
2169	9.0	Effects are short-lived, but Ativan is great for acute panic episodes.  On the downside of things tolerance builds quickly.
2170	9.0	Very light benzodiazepine. Perfect if stressing out at work and Xanax makes you too tired to function. Quick acting and short-lasting.
2171	10.0	"I have used Lorazepam 1mg tablets 3 times daily for 35 years without any side effects. I cannot live without it nor do I want to live without its effect on my brain.  Without it I am an INTROVERT, with it I have been a successful EXTROVERT.  As a doctor once mentioned to me the release of my ""Secret Springs"" occur and I get flushed as red as a beet of thoughts that go through my mind when I am talking to people. I will not live like that ever again.  At times doctors have been reluctant to give it to me, I beg and explain my reactions without it. So far, I have always gotten a prescription.  I have NEVER abused it by taking more than the 3 mg's per day and I realize how powerful it is on the brain."
2172	6.0	I was prescribed Ativan for anxiety due to working in a high stress job (prison). Once during a riot at work I had my first ever panic attack, my heart rate was so high that the on call nurse said if I hadn't taken Ativan I would have ended up in the ER. However I started treatment with Effexor XR and that has ceased all my anxiety, so I have recently been using the Ativan to help me sleep, and it works fine to help me relax.
2173	1.0	"My elderly dad was prescribed a low dose of Ativan for anxiety. Within 2 weeks he started having auditory hallucinations and could not sleep because the ""walls were talking to him"". After he passed every physical test in an emergency visit to the local ER- from a cat scan to blood work and everything in between, the psychiatrist on duty matter of factly told me that Ativan has been known to cause delirium in elderly patients. "
2174	10.0	This is the only treatment I found that made me feel like a normal human being again!
2175	9.0	I have heard people complain that Ativan is addictive, but I myself have been taking off and on for years and have had little dificulty in stopping at any time.
2176	8.0	My Dr. prescribed me sub-lingual Ativan 1mg for panic attacks. They work pretty well, though for bad episodes I need 2 or 3 pills. The sub-lingual pills take effect in 10 minutes which is awesome when you feel like you are going to die. I am also on an antidepressant for anxiety.
2177	10.0	Ativan helps when I start feeling panicky and to rest easier when I find it hard to relax.
2178	9.0	Great.
2179	10.0	I love this drug.  It helps to calm me down and keep me level headed even in times of extreme stress.  I honestly can not live without it.
2180	9.0	"I have noticed that my dose of 1mg every 4 to 6 hours worked for a week or so before needed to increase my dose. I have colorectal cancer and have been it using for anxiety. 
   "
2181	10.0	I have been suffering from depression for some time. I recently had to find a new Doctor because we moved out of state. He changed my antidepressants and added ativan 1mg 3 x a day. It made me feel sane again and stop shaking. I certainly don't want to become dependent on it but our bodies change along with our mind and if this keeps my head up and makes me look forward to the sun coming up then I will take it till I need it.
2182	10.0	I went to the doctor and told him that I was going crazy. For two days I did nothing but cried and I didn't know what I was crying about. At work I was very mean to some of my co-workers and I didn't realize it. Doctor put me on lorazepam 1mg, 1/2 as needed. I feel like myself again. Very Good.
2183	9.0	Fantastic! Have tried other medicines but this is by far the best for anxiety.
2184	10.0	This is a really good nerve pill. It does not make you feel tired.
2185	9.0	Keeps me from tossing my co-workers down the steps.
2186	7.0	Really helps my mother.
2187	10.0	I was terrified of flying and my doctor prescribed me Ativan a day before my flight and 1 hour before my flight.  It works perfect for me.  Since then I don't have any panic/anxiety attack.  I enjoy every single trip I have now.
2188	9.0	"I have been on Ativan/lorazepam for 25 years, for anxiety and panic attacks associated with hypoglycemia.  Doctors say it does not ""treat"" hypoglycemia, but it has been very helpful in controlling the associated anxiety and panic attacks I had early after diagnosis. "
2189	10.0	I have been taking Lorazepam for about 3 years. My main problem was when I laid down at night to sleep, I would start thinking about all the things that was going on. I then would have a panic attack. It doesn't happen now. It works.
2190	10.0	I've been on Ativan for 4 months now: 0.5mg once or twice a day to control my anxiety attacks. I only take if when I feel jittery, flushing in my face, a heavy headache akin to tension headache and dizziness. Usually these symptoms subside within 1 to 2 hours of dosing. Sometimes as quickly as half an hour and it is not often that I have to take 1mg in two divided (0.5mg) 6-hourly doses. Last month, I didn't take Ativan for 5 straight days and I didn't suffer any withdrawal symptoms or rebounds.
2191	10.0	I've had anxiety for 5 years, and was constantly bouncing back and forth from valium and xanax.  I saw a new doctor and she prescribed me Ativan and told me it would last much longer, which it did.  It keeps me from anxiety attacks or calms me down in the middle of them.
2192	10.0	After my heart attack, I began having anxiety attacks. Exercise would give me temporary relief but the anxiety would often return soon after stopping. One Lorazepam would control it for 1/2 a day or more. I didn't like taking it, but everyone said that controlling my anxiety while I recovered was more important. Now I would recommend to any heart patient to go to their doctor and get a a prescription for it to get them through the first year of recovery.
2193	10.0	I have been taking this drug for 4 years and can say I am not addicted to it, I take it every day two daily as prescribed and without it I am not a nice person. Have to say it is a good drug, as for something to help you sleep, it has never done that. I have to take Ambien for that.
2194	10.0	a great med helps me alot
2195	10.0	After waking up from a bad dream, my BP read 185/100.  I was nervous the whole day and I remembered that I was prescribed Ativan for this kind of anxiety.  As prescribed (1/2 of .5 mg - as needed), I took the pill and after 15 minutes, my BP started going down - felt relaxed and had a good sleep.  Wonderful!
2196	10.0	Ativan is a life-line for me some days.
2197	9.0	Sleep, anxiety disorder or panic attacks, Ativan is very tolerable and very little side effects compared to Xanax and Klonapin (moody effects).
2198	7.0	Be careful when using ativan.  Do not take doses more than 1 or 2 mg.  It is easy to get carried away and addicted to Ativan.  I find that it is a very effective treatment for anxiety when the RECOMMENDED DOSES are used though though.
2199	9.0	Dentist prescribed 3 for my last visit. He said to take two (1mg tablets) an hour before coming in. Did so, and I have to say they worked well. Wasn't bothered by the dentist at all this time!
2200	9.0	there was a period of time when i kept going to the emergency room for chest pains and shortness of breath. my heart and everything checked out perfect. i went to the doctor and described these episodes i was having and he prescribed ativan 2mg and i have never experienced the tightness of the chest as often once i discovered i was having panic attacks. it is very helpful and not too sedative, and it might not work for everyone, if possible try small rx or samples first.
2201	6.0	Whenever I have a panic attack I have taken the 5mg dose and it seems to relieve the overwhelming feeling and I ca relax enough to re-group.
2202	8.0	I started taking Lexapro a month ago. I felt it working right away, which I was told I wouldn't feel anything for 4-6 weeks. I always had non stop leg shaking and my jaw would clench tight for the first week. Forget about sex!! ughhh  that is why I am giving an 8, but I am just happy I don't have to cry every night over a box of crayons or be unfocused because the anxiety was so high.
2203	8.0	I have tried this before and found some relief.  The only thing that I don't like about it is that it blunts my emotions.
2204	8.0	I've battled anxiety for 40 years and finally went on 10 mg lexapro.  It works fantastic for me and after 9 months I weaned myself to 5mg a day.  That was a mistake I had panic attacks more anxiety and so went back to 10mg today.  I don't think I can ever stop taking it.
2205	9.0	"I wanted to share my positive experience with you. 
I started taking Lexapro about 6 weeks ago. My anxiety months ago started to get away from me due to a family stress event. I have dealt with anxiety in the past so it’s not new for me but this time it was getting out of control. 
My worries were non stop and sleep wasn’t happening. 
So I started Lexapro beginning of April. By the 3 rd week I was getting good relief from my anxiety.  By week 6 I was back to me. :)
So hang in there. It takes time but it worked for me. And I very much hope it works for you. 
Anxiety is debilitating. And hard for others to understand. 
Good luck everyone.  And say some prayers too. That will get you through. ❤️"
2206	1.0	"I took Lexapro for 11 years. I started out taking 10 mg, for the first 5 years then the Doctor pumped it up to 20 mg daily.  I broke out in a rash that I could see on my stomach ,arms, and neck. I also got dermatitis on my scalp. I suffered nausea and gained 50 pounds. I went through all this because I had 2 panic attacks in my late 40s. I  decided to tapper off Lexapro to see how I felt without a antidepressant to get me through the day. Believe me, it’s been hard! The side effects on going off this drug has been the most worst thing I have ever gone through. I ended up in the emergency room feeling like I was dying. 
I am still dealing with the effects of withdrawal symptoms but I would never take Lexapro again !"
2207	5.0	If you have Bipolar, mania or any kind of mood shifting disorder, do NOT take lexapro. It can work well for most but NOT if you have a mood disorder.
2208	8.0	I have been smoking marijuana for almost 10 years until recently  when I knew that was causing me more anxiety and depression. So I broke down to my doctor and told her my head isn’t right, that I messed with it for too many years. The first week of Lexapro I felt the affects right away. What a difference honestly I felt normal and could take on anything. I do believe in lifestyle change: I started 3 months ago to lose weight and I have lost 10 lbs so far. That’s because I pushed myself but was still miserable. It really is reprogramming your mind, but with the THC withdrawals Lexapro definitely saved me. Eventually I would like to get off it but it’s saving me a lot of trouble with suffering. Plus, it’s giving me so much confidence and NO more social anxiety. It’s hard to say if I really do have generalized anxiety because I abused THC for a decade but right now, this medication really does help with everything else I’m doing to change my life. I’m on a low dosage of 5 mg which I feel is enough.
2209	9.0	"Had severe depression and anxiety for a month that hit me like a ton of bricks in civil litigation with a sociopath who suddenly seemed to me to be on a sure path of bankrupting me eventually. 
First two months on Lexapro had little effect.    Could barely bring myself to work with my lawyers.  Driving more than a few blocks was a mountain to climb, as was social interaction, even visits with relatives.  Dosage increased from 10 to 20mg after a couple months when it did not seem to be working.  Dropped a prescribed companion sedative that was causing me to sleep until noon. Now, after 4 month on Lexapro am back to nearly normal activities, feel the future can be positive, traveling to see relatives and friends.  The first two+ months were tough, but combined with professional counselling,  a lifesaver. And that sociopath is being successfully challenged."
2210	9.0	Just go for this medicine don't think that you are like others ...anxiety and depression are chemical imbalances of brain and this is true. Do some therapy also but medication is important ..and one thing more your time is important too.. Cheers  :)
2211	10.0	The best medication I found for long term anxiety management. Least amount of side effects, (dosage dependent), and fastest acting. Used klonopin to manage short term while lexapro ramped up then tapered off klonopin. After years of use have found minimum dose required to control anxiety. Best to start low dose...too much of an SSRI can increase anxiety.
2212	1.0	I started lexapro and on the 5th day I woke up wide awake. This has never happened to me and I felt so different. I get weirded out and got up to grab some water. On my way, I feel a cold sweat and my body goes completely paralyzed. I felt a fear I didn't know I was capable of feeling. I try to scream but my vocal cords are paralyzed. I wait for death, completely terrified. Then my ears start ringing and I slowly get all my senses back. I am able to breathe again and start to hyperventilate from the panic. I was exhausted after that. I got in to see my doctor ASAP. I fell asleep in the waiting room and I can normally barely fall asleep in my own bed. He told me it doesn't even do anything in the first week and was all a placebo effect and gets upset with me because I didn't want to continue it. I don't think there's appropriate education being placed on these towards medical professionals. I realize they can help but there seems to be complete denial about adverse effects.
2213	10.0	Like you, you're reaching out for hope because you're going through one of the most horrible experiences in your life. But anxiety always passes, and lexapro helps your mind heal and recover. I had bad anxiety before that turned into anxiety disorder (afraid of anxiety itself). Just know that this is your mind tricking you and you have to learn no longer to be afraid of it. Lexapro will help you break the cycle and get you out of the hole quicker. Side effects were at their peak for the first two weeks, with even sometimes worse anxiety, but each day gets better.  Sexual side effects subsided as well after the first 2-3 weeks as most are psychosomatic. Just try to remember your mind wants to calm down and its only temporary. I have been through hell and made it out the other end to see the light - just give it time and patience, it will pass and Lexapro helps.
2214	10.0	"I unfortunately was one of those people who it took 4-5 weeks to see any benefit from Lexapro, but once it kicked it, it was life changing. I went from debilitating anxiety to where I couldn't even leave my house to finally feeling like the ""old"" me again. It was a slow transition, nothing black-and-white, but I can look back and see how the med slowly started to work. Side effects lasted a couple weeks and included headaches, endless fatigue, and I have to be careful what I eat because I have gained about 5 lbs., but I'd take those side effects over living in a constant dream-like state from anxiety. Started on 10 mg and am now on 15 mg. Give it a shot!"
2215	2.0	I've been on lexapro 10mg for 5 days, can’t tell much difference just yet. Only side effects are slight headaches from time to time (not a full blown headache), tired, decrease in appetite, had diarrhea once. Trying to stick it out. On the downside my new doctor doesn’t prescribe lexapro so eventually I will have to switch to Celexa soon which I don’t know how I feel about that.
2216	2.0	Made me extremely tired and I could not concentrate at work.
2217	10.0	I've been taking Lexapro for 1 year and 2 months.  So far its been a life saver.  I couldn't sleep for days, stopped going to work and cried about anything that made me even the slightest bit upset.  For me anxiety is like a cock fight going on inside my head.  I also take Alprazolam for anxiety attacks, which rarely happen anymore  (once or twice a month).  I would also recommend  finding a good therapist.  Mine helps A TON.
2218	7.0	I've been on 10 mg for  6 months and it definitely has calmed my anxiety issues. No side effects except weight gain about 30 lbs which I am not happy with but still worth taking
2219	6.0	I’ve been on this medication for about 2 weeks and I’ve noticed my anxiety getting worse .. is that normal ? Will it get better ... I’ve seen reviews on it getting worse before better and I’m just so scared all the time I feel like I’m not myself . Please someone help me to understand if I should stay on medication
2220	10.0	I've been suffering from anxiety and depression since 2017. I found myself not leaving the house, in and out of hospitals, going to so many doctors for answers, not being able to drive, or even be by myself and having panic attacks everyday  and so I was giving up. I found a therapist who helped me tremendously! He advised me to get on Lexapro. I was scared, I didn't want to take it and I felt like I was weak  I can honestly tell you I am beyond thankful that I made myself get on this medication. It has totally changed my life in such a positive way. I do have to say the first couple of weeks were rough for me. I was dizzy, nauseous, just all the way felt like rubbish BUT STICK IT OUT. I am so thankful. Give this medicine a try but always remember you have to change the way you live your life and your thoughts, always be positive and always remember you will get out of this and you can live a happy and healthy life.
2221	10.0	I am a 50 year old male in a highly stressful professional occupation.  I became stricken with severe work related anxiety making me irritable and agonizing over decisions or interacting with others.  Lexapro 10mg saved my career, as I was at the point that I believed I could no longer continue to function at work.  The first few days were rough, but after 5 days, I remember waking up and feeling like the anxiety has diminished substantially.  My anxiety continued to diminish gradually and now, after being on this medication for 1 year, I feel great.  Only side effect is lasting longer...no complaints from the wife.  I was hesitant to take the pharmaceutical route and felt real men should tough it out...so stupid.
2222	7.0	"I tried Zoloft first and it made me extremely sick.  I switched to Lexapro (generic) after a week and it helped the sickness tremendously. I have been on Lexapro for about a month and a half now and it is really just starting to work.  It is helping a lot with my anxiety but I am having some common and not so common side effects.  The common: difficulty orgasming (this was present in the Zoloft as well for me). Uncommon: I am also having trouble urinating (I can't go right away or at all if I don't REALLY have to go).  My scalp has become very dry and itchy.  I also got a yeast infection, which I am assuming is from the medication.  It is not listed in the side effects but I have seen many other women complain of this.  

Over all, the fact that I feel like a normal person again outweighs all of the side effects for me.  I am on 10mg and I plan to go down to 5mg after 6 months and my doctor thinks that will help with the side effects."
2223	9.0	"Pros
I felt the positive effects of this medication within a matter of hours.  I was at a point in my life where anxiety was dominating both my personal, professional, and familial relationships. I also had extreme health anxiety, which dominated a lot of my thoughts.  Since starting Lexapro, I have noticed a huge difference in the reduction of my anxiety, including my health anxiety.  I am happier and better able to connect with people (most likely because my anxiety has reduced a lot).  The pros definitely outweigh the cons I experienced.
Cons
I have heard that this medication can increase suicidal ideation, which is a big con.  I didn't have a huge depressive element to my anxiety, so I can't comment on the effects it has with depression
Side effects: I have been having hot flushes, mainly at night
Definitely increased thirst and dry mouth
Some diarrhoea at the start, but that has settled
Some waking up at 5am wide awake"
2224	9.0	"I’ve been suffering chronic anxiety and regular bouts of deep depression since my mid teens. I’m 28. I’ve tried everything, including therapy for many years, &amp; was starting to fear I was doomed to feel sad for the rest of my life. I was desperate to see if anything could make me feel better so I set aside my stubborn anti-medication stance. I am so glad I did.

I’ve been on lexapro 3 wks now (still at a tiny 5mg dose) &amp; saw an almost immediate improvement. My emotions have levelled out &amp; my anxiety has toned down. Side effects were: weird kaleidoscopic closed-eye hallucinations when going to sleep, fluttery chest &amp; increased anxiety in the evening...but only for the first few nights. Still experiencing a bit of sleeplessness. I also found my ability to orgasm disappeared for the first 2.5 weeks (to my horror) and I was considering stopping because of that, but lo and behold, it came back - so if anyone else experiences that I encourage you to hang in there a few weeks!"
2225	9.0	This got rid of my anxiety completely while on it! I finally got my life back. I’ve been struggling from severe anxiety my whole life and this finally helped. Like every medication, their are some symptoms that slip through. I still get anxious, but not as often, and only like 5 times a day. For me, that’s barely bad. I used to be anxious over EVERYTHING. For my depression it helps me not feel depressed as long, but I still felt almost as equally depressed as before just not everyday. And, most of the time I wasn’t depressed. But it did work better for my anxiety. Overall, everyone reacts to different medications differently so my advice probably won’t be relevant to your experience.
2226	8.0	"I took Lexapro for a couple of years and stopped but have now just started back up again due to severe anxiety along with some agoraphobia. The first time I was on it, I started at 10 mg and went to 20 mg after two weeks. For me this medication works very well. Startup side effects are slight nausea, jitters, and not sleeping very well. Also more difficult to ejaculate. The jitters which, when you already have anxiety, will only exacerbate the problem until the side effects wear off after about a week or so. It's helpful to have a prescription for Ativan or Xanax on standby to get through any panic attacks during the startup period. When it does kick in, there isn't a ""wow, I feel amazing!"" moment. More ""wow, I don't feel awful anymore."""
2227	9.0	Lexapro is the first SSRI I've tried, and it's done wonders for me. I'm not a slave to my moods anymore - I'm extremely grateful for the emotional stability this drug has given me. It's absolutely fantastic for anxiety. The only side effect I've experienced is decreased libido, which is why I'm giving it a 9 and not a 10.
2228	1.0	"My wife began taking Lexapro about two months ago.  After two weeks her personality was unrecognizable.  One month after she began taking Lexapro she filed for divorce.  She began calling the police on me and of course the police did nothing to me.

We had five kids.  My whole world, my kids lives, all of it destroyed by this drug.  Don't do it."
2229	10.0	I was suffering bad anxiety when I lost a very close friend. I started to think something was wrong with me and gradually my anxiety took over. I was at the doctor every other day with palpitations thinking I was having a heart attack then thinking I had lumps around that area. After about 6 weeks I finally said to my doctor I need help he prescribed me lexapro 10mgs the first 5 weeks were horrible couldn’t keep awake feeling sick could hardly eat felt awful. Then it kicked in I’m back to myself I find it an amazing medication please stick with it. I’m so happy I did. But as I said first 5 weeks were tough. But now it has turned me back to myself.
2230	10.0	So I have been taking Prozac for a long time but I was always taking naps and tired, I didn’t want to do anything go anywhere. I decided to look into Lexapro reviews some of them really scared me. I thought why not give it a shot one of my cousins takes Lexapro. The doctor switched me from Prozac to Lexapro and I’m going on three weeks I feel so much better I have more energy  I’m not sleeping all the time. I’m noticing more things that make me happy. I did have side effects in the beginning but they were very mild constipation dizziness tingly feelings but those are starting to go away. I’m so glad I try this medication I hope it continues to work for me. The doctor started me on 5 mg and I’m slowly working my way up to 10 mg. Write your reviews because people actually do read them.
2231	9.0	My first few days I had a lot of nausea as expected then some increased anxiety. But after a few week to around 6 weeks in I was back to my old self. Life saver for me! Everyday prior to taking lexapro for months was a struggle with anxiety and random panic attacks, face tingling, unbalanced feeling and just feeling off all around. 4 months of taking 10 mg and what a relief. Back to socialization, eating better, feeling better With no face tingling. Give it a try for about 6 weeks for full effects and side effects will subside. They did for me.
2232	1.0	First time taking 2.5mg Lexapro 3 hours after taking it I could not speak or think or walk normally, had severe nausea and headache, Spent 8 hours in ER. 2nd day have diarrhea and heart palpitations. I only took 2.5mg once. Not for me!
2233	10.0	"I made it to 62 without needing any anti-depressants or mood meds ever. Then my Mom got ill with dementia , fell often and my husband and I were ""it"" to take care of her. We sold our house and moved closer to her. The anxiety that came with taking over her care and the care of my down syndrome sister was overwhelming. I thought I was dealing with it but finally caved. My MD put me on Lexapro and made me better. Before the lexapro I was grumpy , not happy at work , I didn't want to be around people AND had bowel issues at inopportune times. Lexapro was a life float for me. Yes it made me a little sleepy the first 2 weeks , I had some transient constipation and libido problems but all that passed. I like the person I am on Lexapro."
2234	2.0	Wasn't sleeping well and was having career-related anxiety.  I went to my PCP and he put me on Ambien and Lexapro.  I was very concerned about effect Lexapro would have on me, but I went ahead and started it.  First day I was a little tingly but no other immediate physical response.  The next morning I woke up retching/dry heaving.  I spent the whole day having hot and cold spells.  My ears were burning.  My head felt congested but without any sinus issues.  I was severely agitated/restless.  I couldn't sit still.  Felt sick all day.  I took the pill again the second morning (yesterday), but today woke up retching again.  Still very restless with some twitching of arms and legs.  Didn't take the medicine again today.
2235	8.0	I started Lexapro about 4 weeks ago. It helped  anxiety but depression was still there. I talked with counsellor today and he had just gotten back from a symposium on depression. He said people sometimes underuse their anti-depressants. They feel a little better but till not great. He advised increasing the medication to a level I feel really better. So I am going up to 10 mg. I think 10-15 mg may be right for me. Keep trying, this is a chemical imbalance, runs in families. If you R not satisfied w/results then try increasing your dose after discussing with Dr of course. I am so happy to have found this med, my anxiety is already getting better, I've had no major side effects. I wish you all the best.
2236	10.0	I was not going to take Lexapro after reading all the reviews. I was really skeptical about the side effects. I read one very positive review &amp; it changed my mind. I am so glad I started Lexapro two months ago. I was put on Lexapro for anxiety. I was always in a bad mood &amp; everything set me off. I started with 10mg &amp; saw a slight improvement the first week. It wasn't until the Dr put me on 15mg about a month in that I really saw considerable improvement. Two months later I can honestly say I am am so happy to be on this medication. Everything just seems better. I am happy. I find joy in the things I used to. I look forward to social events. My mood is so much better. I did not gain weight. No sexual side affects. Please give it a try!
2237	7.0	"Hi I've been taking lexapro since 2014
it helps a lot
although I still have some anxiety but it works wonders, no side effects I take 20mg"
2238	7.0	Lexapro pretty much saved my life at one point. I’ve had anxiety/depression all my life but a few years ago I was at a low point. I wasn’t getting out of bed and felt like I had no reason to even get up in the morning. One day I decided it was time to live again and I saw a psychiatrist. He prescribed me 10mg of lexapro which I was advised to take half of for the 1st two weeks. As most people have mentioned, the 1st few weeks are for SURE not a good time. If you were already dealing with bad depression, I would advise that you stay close to good people for the 1st couple of weeks. I promise you though, it gets better if you wait it out. MAJOR sexual side effects (as in NO sex drive whatsoever) but if you have bad anxiety, it’s worth it.
2239	9.0	"I started with 0.5 tablets a day with no improvement (should be a stage to test any side effects resulted)
0.5 tablets more for every diagnosis.
Kept a level of 3 tablets for longtime
A peak of 4 tablets after 1 year and 2 months due to an sad period of my life
I almost got no side effects and my anxiety kept reducing with less washing action for my clothing and less care of tiny dirt (Kind of dirt that I concern)
However, my mood is still not always good (except those anxiety from dirt). Not sure what matters
But overall Lexapro helps me a lot! At least I have more time to sleep (I used to wash my stuff until 3-4am 3-4 days a week but now I seldom wash, I have my normal bedtime even though I need to wash Sth)"
2240	9.0	"For me and other people I have suggested this medication too it has completely changed our lives for the better. Reading reviews you often see knee jerk reactions from people suffering deeply and then taking the medication and going through the up to 4 week period of feeling worse. That is a tough 4 weeks if you felt you where already at breaking point, easy to pull out the pitch fork at that time.

But you're less likely to hear from the people who would tell you the polar opposite of that because once taking lexapro providing you are feeling better it’s easy to leave the dark world behind and return to the light. 

My suggestion to anyone who has been recommended this, ignore stigma and try this for at least 4 weeks at your doctors direction. GL ML"
2241	10.0	"I struggled with severe postpartum anxiety and depression for two years after my daughter was born. I went to therapy but was still struggling. I didn't want to take medication for a very long time, because I just didn't want to be a ""medicated mom."" I always thought it would get better. It didn't and I was exhausted. I am taking only 10mg of lexapro now (therapeutic dose is considered 20mg) and I'm staying at 10. My life is COMPLETELY different. I feel joy and happiness again, my anxiety is gone, I sleep well, my sadness and anger are gone. It is life changing and I can't believe I didn't do it sooner. And I'm actually a better, happier mom now! Give yourself a chance to get better. Mild side effects at first - mild nausea and headache."
2242	9.0	Before Lexapro I was on Adderall witch I abused with drinking and resulted in alcohol poisoning and Atrial Fibulation (irregular heartbeat) after this  incident my anxiety went through the roof and I feared to drink or take another medication again. I had multiple times where I would go to the emergency room thinking I was having a heart attack and each time they told me it was anxiety. That’s when my doctor recommended lexapro. It does take some time for your body to get used to but once it did my anxiety was almost gone! You just need to let your body get used to it and find the right dose for you. I have been on it for almost a year now and I still get a little anxious but haven’t had any panic attacks.
2243	6.0	I was on this medication for a number of years, but I've come off it, because it doesn't help my social anxiety and the side-effects are quite debilitating for me. I have both generalised and social anxiety and though the Lexapro did help me feel generally less anxious, it did not help with the social anxiety. It also made me feel constantly very fatigued. Coming off Lexapro was absolutely horrible and I felt physically and mentally awful. Though it certainly is a good fit for mild to moderate anxiety, I felt like I was trapped on the medication because coming off it even for a day made me physically ill.
2244	10.0	NEVER HAD AN ANXIETY ATTACK AFTER LEXAPRO. I used to have very severe anxiety , and I had to go to hospital multiple times thinking I had heart attacks.  I had hot/cold flashes, chest pains, pounding heart, couldn’t breathe, dizziness.... unfortunately I got off of it to take a pill for my Tourette’s syndrome a few weeks ago and my anxiety came back and the new pill made me sick , so now my anxiety is back badly and I had to go to hospital multiple times thinking I had heart issues again... just got put back on lexipro a week ago hasn’t started working yet I hope it kicks in :( I also took buspar with lexapro before it is a second anxiety pill and u can take them together .
2245	10.0	I was taking Celexa for 6 years. It didn't work for me like it once did. I'm 44, hormones are changing. Started Lexapro 4 weeks ago. No side effects, happy and feeling very positive, normal. Once in awhile, I feel angry, but yoga takes my anger away quickly.
2246	7.0	Moved cities to try and save money but this hasn't worked out as planned. I been stressed for the last 8 months and one day I just started getting anxiety attack and just depressed as heck. Went go see doctor. Got on 10mg lexapro for first 2 weeks then 20mg after that. Had minor side effects. Trouble urinating. Dry mouth. Minor head ache and the craziest most vivid dreams. And about a 2 week period of bad depression. All has since gone away. Besides the dreams. Very low libido. Don't drink alcohol on this medication is takes away the effects. Took me 3 days to start feeling the meds again. My anxiety is more manageable and i feel more sociable.
2247	1.0	Oh my goodness! Can I give this drug a negative rating? Took it for one day and felt like a dang maniac! Took it before bed,  and the next morning I woke up and felt so nauseous. I have taken Zoloft and Paxil at other times in life  and I have never felt so sick and manic - absolute worst feeling ever! Took several days for that one dose to leave my system. However, having sex that night I had the most intense orgasm!
2248	8.0	If I were to just review this drug from an anxiety/fear of social interaction standpoint, I would say that Lexapro is awesome. Lexapro has stopped me from having tremors every time someone talked to me out of the blue, and I do not mind being in the spotlight anymore during classes. For (group) presentations, I still feel physical symptoms and my tremor building up, but not nearly as much as I did without Lexapro. My biggest fear happens to be giving presentations and this is what I am taking it for primarily. I think if I were to do a standalone presentation, I would still have A LOT of difficulty focusing on the topic at hand but not because of anxiety. This drug makes it very hard for me to focus in school. Hope to go down to 5mg from 10
2249	10.0	I took this a few years ago for anxiety, panic, OCD, and mild agoraphobia and claustrophobia. It helped tremendously. I don't recall any side effects besides hands being shaky and a little more forgetful. I had to stop when I was trying to become pregnant and I'm not sure if it was the weaning off this or the switching to Zoloft but that process wasn't too fun. Not awful though. Still prefer over Zoloft!
2250	6.0	Lexapro (which is called Cipralex here in Canada) was what they put me on when I first became extremely anxious (after trying talk therapy and Ativan when needed). It KO'd my anxiety extremely well (alongside continued therapy). Not only my acute anxiety that was causing panic attacks and made me unable to leave the house was handled, but the social anxiety I've lived with all my life. However, it caused me to gain a significant amount of weight, my emotions were somewhat blunted, and for the first few months I was on it, I would get quite sleepy in the morning. It did stop working for me after about 2.5 years, but as short-term anxiety treatment it served me well.
2251	10.0	Follow up on review posted over a year ago: I have just successfully quit Lexapro with a very slow 6 month taper. I took 10-15 mg for panic for one year, then started taper. Wanted to advise to taper ON this med as well as off! My Dr. had me jump right on at 10 mg and the first 3 weeks of adjustment was horrible...by contrast my taper off was a breeze because it was very gradual. Lexapro worked for me and I would take it again if ever necessary!
2252	9.0	This drug -super small dose - has changed my life.  I have been a nurse for 26 years. My stress and anxiety levels were at the max!  I just wanted to sleep on my days off and I did not want to socialize.  I was easily overwhelmed and worried constantly.  I was just awful.   I started lexapro at 10 mg and it was too much !  I backed down to 5 mg and the first 3 weeks were hell.  I felt out of body - exhausted but could not sleep - it was just an awful three weeks.  After reading many reviews to hang in there --- that's what I did.  Around week 3-4 - I adjusted.  I felt like my worries rolled off my back, I wanted to do things, I felt more energy than I had in years, I was laughing and finally listening to people did not annoy me!  Hang in!!
2253	9.0	Anxiety lifer here. My demon has gotten cruel in the past few years by manifesting itself in severe premature ventricular contraction (PVC's) every time I start to leave the house or get in a slightly stressful situation.  After a massive panic attack on a flight home from London to DC, I decided I had enough. I told my GP I want to go back on Lexapro. Like every other time, Lexapro works almost immediately for me - my PVC's and agoraphobia have muted drastically on only 5mg a day! Yes there is slight weight gain and potential sexual side effects but I'll take those over the other stuff any day. It's cliche but I do feel like I have my life back. I even ventured out for a run around the city tonight with zero PVC's. Sucks being on a drug but I'm ok with it today.
2254	10.0	I was having horrible anxiety attacks, panic attacks and was border line manic. I was going through a lot of stress and hit my limit. My family urged me to see a Dr who started me on 2.5 lexapro for a week then up to 5 mg the week after. I stayed on 5 mg for 1 month seeing improvements. Eventually I decided to bump up to 7.5 which I'm currently on . I still get anxiety but I am able to feel in control.  I don't have attacks anymore. I'm sleeping better and eating again. Side effects only lasted the first month . I got really tired 20 min after taking it , drowsy, night sweats. Make sure to take it with a snack, I find it hits the stomach like a rock. Over all has given me my life back. And I don't feel like I'm on medication.
2255	10.0	"My anxiety peaked 6 years ago.  Not only did I dread social interaction of any kind (talking to co-workers, going out with friends, even being around my own family) but I had experienced a panic attack on the freeway which kept me from driving anywhere far from my home for two years.  I was extremely stubborn and didn't want chemicals to ""change"" my reality.  I finally had to admit to myself that my reality sucked - bad. I'm overjoyed to report that Lexapro saved me.  It took a month for me to realize I was greeting people in passing again.  I drive on the freeway again and love being around people.  Stick with it even if you feel ""weird"" at first.  You CAN have your life back!  I take it at night, the initial drowsiness helps me sleep."
2256	7.0	"I've been on Lexapro for maybe 1.5 years, and this drug has worked pretty well in reducing my anxiety and depression. I started on 10mg which may have helped a tiny bit, but I still felt awful. A month or two after having my dose increased to 20mg, I started to feel better. Lexapro helped me lift myself out of my ~6 month long period of anxiety and depression, but I wasn't ""cured."" I still have mental issues which I need to work on. 

In terms of side effects, there were almost none. I got headaches right when I started and also after going on 20mg, but they only lasted a few days. I also find my long-term memory is a bit worse, and time seems to fly by faster.

Oh, and it's super cheap if you can get the generic version."
2257	1.0	extreme increased anxiety
2258	10.0	excellent med if you are afraid of side effects, had none. used for 10 yrs until stopped working. was on celexa also for 10 yrs excellent med for no side effects .both Lexapro and Celexa are excellent for treating mental disease. avoid ZOLOFT was on for two weeks my brain was in another dimension , made anxiety worse. now its hell on earth for me looking for another ssri. clonzepam is excellent for anxiety no side effects. docs wont prescribe it for me.
2259	10.0	A year ago I had a major health scare that turned out to be fine in the end, but I ended up crashing, developing severe insomnia, severe anxiety, muscle twitches all over, major joint pain, brain fog and finally a depression. I resisted taking drugs as I thought I was going to get lots of side effects. I tried everything under the sun; yoga, meditation, acupuncture, tinctures, craniosacral therapy, psychotherapy, kinesiology etc. My psychiatrist and GP both strongly recommended I should take Lexapro. When I started pondering why I was living I started taking the meds. I started sleeping better and after some weeks the worst dread was gone and so was the anxiety. After 2 months I feel MUCH better and I hardly had any side effects at all!:)
2260	9.0	"I started taking lexapro my first semester of sophomore year in college for depression and  anxiety and have been taking it for about six months now. My anxiety causes me to have extreme panic attacks where I break out in rashes and get frequent bloody noses. Since being on lexapro, I have not had a single attack!
 I also haven't had any extreme side effects although I have had increased appetite and have gone from 95-100lbs to about 115lbs. 
However, the withdrawal symptoms are very serious, take it everyday and try not to skip any days. I got a nasty cold and stopped taking it for awhile and then spent a whole week thinking I had a horrible flu (nausea, vomiting, headaches) only to realize I was going through withdrawals."
2261	10.0	I had to start at 5 mg and work my way up because I'm a baby, but I definitely feel better and oddly enough, my headaches have improved after 20 years. I don't feel any different, I'm just worrying less and not feeling the physical symptoms of anxiety. It still comes and goes a small bit, but it's WAY better!
2262	10.0	"I had tried everything meditation, herbal supplements, yoga, exercise, healthy eating. I was doing everything ""right"" however I was in a constant state of unrest and having about 5 panic attacks a day. I would go days without eating or drinking water and then collapsing. My anxiety was so high, was sick all the time gut issues, headaches, dizziness, general fog and feeling completely out of it and detached. It came to the point that something needed to change - so I sucked it up and tried Lexapro. If you are reading this YOU CAN FEEL BETTER. I was scared I would feel like a zombie and loose myself - but it just takes the edge off and you will start to feel lighter and free and it will let therapy and meditation work."
2263	9.0	"Difficult personal situations caused my Ativan usage to creep up to 3-4x/day. When I started being perimenopause, I was also suffering with terrible depression, which I have never had before. My GYN prescribed Lexapro, and I've always been against taking an SSRI because of the side effects and feeling like I could just ""work through"" the anxiety, but the depression was debilitating. I forced myself to take the first pill, and the next day, I realized I wasn't under a cloud of stress anymore. It worked well for about 3 weeks, and then I was irritable and the anxiety was back. I just started on 20mg and feel optimistic. Only minor side effects: headache, some nausea the first few days, insomnia. I've lost weight, which is a plus!"
2264	1.0	This medication is possibly good for thousands of patients but gave me agitation and hot feet after  using only for only  3 days . These symptoms might happened to others as any medicine probably cause reaction to any individual.
2265	8.0	Lexapro was a miracle drug for me as far as treating my severe health anxiety and PTSD.  It gave me my life back. I can truly say I was my normal self 98% of the time. However it caused me to have extreme muscle tension and headaches. I was even diagnosed with TMJ and was sleeping with a mouthguard at night. Weaning off Lexapro was horrific for me. It took a good 3 months for all the withdrawal symptoms to subside. Thankfully the headaches and stiff jaw got better as well. I'm sad I can't take Lexapro anymore. It saved my life. I'm about to start on Prozac. We'll see what happens.
2266	9.0	I'm someone that has been generally anxious for my whole life with spells of depression sprinkled in. Recently I thought I had been improving with my anxiety but then I had a panic attack, out of the blue, with no rhyme or reason; it just happened. I was afraid this would affect my work so I finally pushed myself to see a psychiatrist, who suggested that Lexapro would be an appropriate option. I started taking it and had some nasty side affects (no appetite, nausea, slight dizziness, jitters, tenseness) for the first two days but after that I noticed how well it was working. My anxiety has lessened immensely and it's giving me a second chance I never knew I wanted. I'm still in the first week of trying it but it's worked excellently so far!
2267	5.0	I started having frequent panic attacks and anxiety spikes and my doctor suggested Lexapro. I had really bad nausea and lack of appetite the first week and had to force myself to eat to ease the hunger pains. After that subsided, I had a lot of muscle tension and soreness. It felt like my whole body was vibrating as if being electrically shocked. I was fidgeting all day, sitting in unusual postures, mistyping far more than usual, and knocking things over on my desk. After four weeks the panic attacks had stopped and my anxiety had improved slightly, but the muscular side-effects had me even more worried. I called my doctor and he switched me back to Sertraline. Tapering off Lexapro made the vibration and tension go away almost immediately.
2268	10.0	I began taking 5 mg of lexapro 10 days ago, for postpartum depression/anxiety. It has been a lifesaver. The initial side effects faded within a week. I take it in the morning, because I knew that it would possibly make me jittery at first. I had tiredness in the afternoon and evening and a loss of appetite for the first 5 days, but those have faded completely. I searched and searched for positive reviews on this drug for postpartum depression/anxiety and could not find any. If anyone is on the fence about taking medication for postpartum depression, please consider it for a temporary aid in getting you past it.
2269	10.0	I was prescribed Lexapro after some fairly rough depression and anxiety. I had been in the hospital 3 times in 2 weeks for anxiety attacks. The first day after Lexapro, I felt the depression gone. Literally the first day. However, the first 3-4 weeks were rough. I definitely had nausea and was VERY sleepy. But after about a month, the nausea and sleepiness went away. A nurse at our doctor's office basically told me to suck it up, and that I had to give the medicine time to work. I toughed it out, and after about 6 weeks, it was like a cloud was lifted and I have felt AMAZING ever since. I didn't realize that I have probably had depression and/or anxiety for decades until I found out what it was like to feel great. Still great after a year.
2270	1.0	I was prescribed lexapro about a year after my assault. I took only one pill. It made me feel worse than the anxiety it self. I was in a daze all day not sure how I made to college that day and back home. Walking was like I was drunk and the overall feeling inside me was horrible. what a waste of $65.00 back then.
2271	10.0	"I suffer from depression and anxiety. I was on a number of meds before my doctor put me on Lexapro.. they were all horrible and made my anxiety worse. I was starting to lose hope that I would never find a medication to help. Thankfully Lexapro is helping! It's a lifesaver!! I could tell a difference after the first day..I'm much more ""normal"" I don't fly into a rage so easily, I don't feel overwhelmed constantly and I'm not irritated all the time for no reason. My moods are much more stable. Before Lexapro I seriously felt like I was losing it. My husband even told me he notices a huge difference in me since being on this. I'm also prescribed klonopin for my anxiety but since being on Lexapro I haven't had a need to take it. I love Lexapro!"
2272	9.0	I have suffered from Anxiety and Panic attacks since my 20's sporadically. Now in my 40's recurrence has significantly increased due to a series of personal events to a point that I was starting to be afraid of being alone.  I was hesitant to initiate medication but 3 weeks into it I feel the best I have felt in a long time. The first two weeks are tough, with nausea, dizzyness and headaches but it is worth it.
2273	9.0	I take 10mg daily beginning two years ago for anxiety. The only side affect was for the first week. All I wanted to do was sleep. My body relaxed so much, I was not sleep deprived anymore. Afterwards it levelled off. My Dr. and I keep constant checkups and it's working out great.
2274	6.0	Lexapro was a life saver for me. It helped me complete every day tasks that I could not do before taking this drug. I've tried nearly every other SSRI but this one was the best. The only negative part about this drug is the withdrawal symptoms. They are HORRIBLE. I recently found out I was pregnant and I had to cut down my dose according to my Dr. I was super dizzy, very faint and unable to leave my house. If I didn't have to stop these drugs, I would still be okay. However, slowly weening off these drugs have caused me to slip in a horrible anxious state.
2275	8.0	I developed severe panic attacks. I felt like I was dying or going to pass out. Something was seriously wrong with me.  Logically I knew nothing was going to happen but then the panic came anyone I left the house. Shaking, sweating, disorentation, couldn't breathe etc etc. Starting lexapro was hard. I started at small dose of 5mg and had to adjust to it. Nothing more than I already felt. After about 2 weeks I started to not notice I was taking anything.  And then all the sudden I was at a store and I forgot to panic,  I felt fine.  I do have panic attacks still they are not gone but better.  There are situations I still can't handle but daily living,  going to work, school function,  dinner etc I can now do.
2276	9.0	Before lexapro I spent the majority of my time sleeping in bed and hiding away from people, plus I felt really depressed.  It's really good for anxiety.  I rarely worry anymore.   I only focus on solutions and try not to worry about the things I can't control, and lexapro has helped me feel more emotionally balanced.
2277	8.0	"I have been taking lexapro for about six months now.  I was put on it for a panic attack and mild depression.  I am someone who never takes meds unless I have too and was very worried about being on this drug because I feared the side affects when it would be time to get off.
I decided on therapy and lexapro.  I am only on ten milagrams, 39 and petite.  I can't say that this drug has caused me weight gain but if I am extra hungry I choose a healthier snack.  I will say that the first few days of taking the med I did feel tired,  and tense in my arms but I will say the panic attack attributed to that.  I am doing great I am more relaxed and happier .  Therapy is key too.  Hang in there and talk to someone!!"
2278	10.0	"I was once you, anxiously reading reviews for Lexapro. I began getting severe anxiety and mild depression and my doctor recommended 10mg of Lexapro. I have never liked taking drugs, but I felt like it was my only choice.
The first 2-3 weeks my experience worsened. Every side effect you could have, I had. Drowsiness, sleep problems, nausea, vomiting, decreased libido, constant yawning, the list goes on. However it started to lighten up every week. By Week 6, every side effect was gone.
11 months later and I'm still on 10mg and I can't explain how much my life has improved over the past year. My life is back. I'm happier than ever and enjoying every aspect of life again. It may be hard at the start, but it's worth it. I believe in you! peace"
2279	10.0	Supposed to be 6 weeks to take effect. I felt instantly calmer, happen the NEXT day! Couldn't believe it. Started at 10mg moved to 20 MG in year of use. My problem now is  its been 7 years of working for me but 20mg doesn't have same effect of earlier years. I want to have  increase in MG use. How to I get doctor to do this?
2280	1.0	I hated lexapro I tried it twice with 20mg and had to stop taking it, Every time I took it I threw up a lot, I felt horrible I felt like a zombie, I also had mild hallucinations that were not fun and rapid heartbeat it was just awful.
2281	9.0	Wow, just wow. It's been almost going on 2 months, and I feel like a completely better person. First of all hang in there. Side effects are hard the first week but you will get levelled out. I go to the gym and don't have an anxiety attack and run out after only 30 minutes thinking I'm dying. The fear factor has went away and that's the first thing I have noticed. My overall mental balance and mood has dramatically improved, I don't feel as off in a chemical imbalanced but more balanced and confident. I don't ever want to get off this.
2282	10.0	My son was a heroin addict which upon learning about it sent me to a very high anxiety level. If he wouldn't answer the phone by the time I drove home in my mind I thought for sure he was dead. This medicine made me normal again no thoughts like before no crying episodes and just calm. I'm on 10 mg been on it 2 years. Just feeling great
2283	10.0	I've had anxiety and severe panic attacks for a year now. 10 mg helped but still had attacks on the weekend. I just started 20 mg so hopefully that will stop them completely! The two weeks of side effects (headache, insomnia) are worth the end result!
2284	9.0	I'm on the 3rd month of taking lexapro , started off with 2.5mg every night for about a week, then upped to 5mg and when I saw my doctor again 2 weeks later he told me to try the 10mg and I have been on 10mg ever since. At first it's none stop drowsiness weird random dreams and anxiety and insomnia at night. For a good 4-5 weeks , but after that it's cravings and you eat more and calmly and it gets better! It has work wonders! Hopefully it continues to work!
2285	1.0	"Experienced hair loss and horrible scalp issues.  Also headaches and weight gain.  
This drug is horrible and should not be allowed on the market."
2286	9.0	"I have severe  constant pain all over from rheumatoid arthritis which has me so crippled in my back, hands, fingers, shoulders, hips, ankles and knees. I am unable to walk and use a walker.  I also have fibromyalgia which causes much pain and mental confusion  sometimes.  My Rheumatologist started me on 10 mg of Lexipro at first two years ago . I felt a bit drowsy for a couple of weeks until my body got used to the medicine.   About four months ago had a hip replacement  and a nightmare arthritis flare up.  The flare up has not subsided yet , so my doctor increased the Lexapro to 20mg each morning and 20 mg each night.  I take it about 8 pm  a little before bed time. 
I haven't noticed any additional side effects .  This drug helps me."
2287	10.0	Wonder drug for me. I have been on and off 10 mg Lexapro for 5 years. Went through withdrawals while weaning myself off through the beginning of 2 pregnancies. Withdrawals feel like you are coming down with something and the world is a scary unknown new place. Brain zaps are weird too. But I went back on the medication after giving birth because I truly am the text book person with generalized anxiety disorder. It consumes every part of my life. I was just upped to 15 mg a week ago because the 10 was just not quite doing it for me anymore. Life has thrown some serious medical conditions our way. My son was diagnosed with cancer, as was my father, and my other son has down syndrome so my anxiety really spiked. The 15 mg has been wonderful.
2288	1.0	This medicine was an extremely horrible experience for me. My doctor prescribed it to me for anxiety and day one sent me off the edge. How I felt during anxiety attacks was how this medication made me feel but fifty times worse. I felt like I drank a million milligrams of coffee and was on pins and needles for 8 hours. After reading these reviews I hate that it didn't have the same affect on me as it did the majority. I hate anxiety but I can't see myself taking another one of those pills EVER.
2289	1.0	I was taking Xanax..0.25 mgs three times everyday for over 13 years. My Dr wanted me to wean off of it so to help thru the process she had me take 5mgs per day of Lexapro (escitolopram).  I kept taking the Lexapro for 1-1/2 years. During this time my Dr raised the dosage to 10 mgs daily. Lexapro wasn't the medicine for me. It caused more anxiety, mood swings and weight gain along with not feeling like myself. With the help of my Dr I weaned off Lexapro over a period of 3 weeks. After the 2nd day of not taking Lexapro I started with constant brain zaps, fatigue, dizziness with vertigo and felt overall awful. This continued for the next 7 weeks but the withdrawal symptoms lessened each week. I am now at the 8th week and feel wonderful!
2290	8.0	"Have been on and off lexapro for the last 20 years (more on than off). This time I was off the medication from for about 5 months and the anxiety and depression was back even though I had a change of life style, doing plenty of exercise and changing work environments.  For me the side effects were feeling nauseous, insomnia (normally 1 nights average sleep and the next no sleep, constant swallowing which I think is called dry mouth and just feeling miserable for the first 3 weeks.  I'm into my fourth week now and sleeping a lot better and feeling much better in myself.  
If you are having the same side effects, hang in there as life will get a lot better"
2291	8.0	I was given lexapro 10 mg once per day I have been on it since July as my anxiety was pretty bad I was also given Xanax ( which did noting ) so they gave me Valium ( still had no effect) so j have been just taking lexapro now and it seems to be ok , I still get nervous feeling sometimes but not as bad as they were . In the first two weeks of taking lexapro I felt very sick I got sick a few times and just felt rotten but the Dr did tell that would happen and after about 2 weeks I felt perfect again ,
2292	8.0	So far I'm happy with the Lexapro I had the yawning, drowsy in the afternoons one night consisted of the jitters but half a 5mg valium had me soon settled, and so far only needed it the once. I still don't have much of an appetite at the moment so that's the worst of it all so far fingers crossed it stays that way. I have noticed my anxiety getting better slowly it's only been 1 week on 5mg I don't want to get my hopes up but I guess that's my anxiety way of thinking kicking in.
2293	9.0	I have a fear of driving and social anxiety when it comes to standing in line etc. did Zoloft for 2 weeks and thought my life was over. Went and changed my meds to lexapro half a pill every night before bed.i feel like me again. Not a different happy weirdo but the old me. I am now on 10mg and it's only been a month but I'm so glad how it's working. A little sweaty but that's about it . I also take blood pressure meds for my anxiety as needed. Before anyone tries xanaex or lorazepam I highly recommend this medicine. No side effects and non habit forming
2294	10.0	I have pretty bad anxiety, with some depression. Sometimes I get so overwhelmed that I feel like my life is falling apart, and it feels so real. When I take my lexapro, I feel so much better. It's just a baseline, it doesn't MAKE me happy, it just allows me to feel like a normal human. I'm most myself when I take my medicine because I can focus on things outside of my own stress and fears. It can make you a little nauseous at first, and I experience some insomnia the first few weeks, but it goes away. SO worth it.
2295	9.0	"The reason for my review is in hope that I can convince someone out there who needs help with their anxiety to try this medication. It seriously has been changing my life. It's only been 2 months and I'm already feeling ""normal"". It took a little less than a month for me to really start feeling happier and less anxious. I used to be very negative because of my anxiety. I never wanted to socialize or do anything. I started a new job, which used to be one of my biggest anxiety triggers. But it has been going so well! I'm social and can talk to my coworkers and customers with confidence and my negative thoughts aren't really there anymore. I'll admit the side effects the first few weeks were horrible! Just stick it out, I promise it's worth it."
2296	10.0	I have been self medicating for years with tramadol. I suffer from anxiety, panic attacks, and depression. I was taking way to much tramadol to cope with life and was spending money I didn't have to buy it! It's a miracle that this drug works so great! I was at the point where all I did was sleep and dodge all things social! I'm only on day 3 and I already feel the pre depression me returning! Oh, I also take vistaril when the panic and anxiery really hits! I've only taken my 10 mg Lexapro and one 25 mg Vistiral this morning and I feel great! It doesn't give me the euphoric feeling that tram does but this is so much better! I almost feel normal! If I feel this great already I can only imagine how much better it'll get!
2297	6.0	23/F I was diagnosed with GAD a few months ago and started on generic lexapro, first 5mg/day then up to 10mg/day. It took a few weeks to take effect, but it was incredible at counteracting the anxiety. My self-confidence increased and panic attacks went away completely. The reason I give it a 6/10 and the reason I came off it, however, is because of the sexual side effects. It took away my ability to orgasm, which was extremely frustrating for me. I'm working with my doctor to find a different med to treat my anxiety without the sexual side effects of SSRIs.
2298	9.0	"I've been taking 10mg lexapro for anxiety for 5 days now.
Off and on in the past yr my level of anxiety has escalated so much that I thought I might have a nervous breakdown or something. I became anti social and angry. I would break down in tears if I thought about anything for more than 3 seconds. I felt hopeless and helpless.
I also take Adderall xr20MG.
My dr gave me lexapro 10mg  and said I might experience the side effects and call her in 1 wk if it was too much too handle. Headache for a couple hrs was all I experienced. I feel awesome! Like a wet blanket has been lifted off of me. I don't avoid people anymore and I feel like I can face the world and be me again. I think now that the tension is lifted I feel better physically!"
2299	9.0	"I started lexapro after 3 years of severe anxiety and panic attacks pretty much daily. I was so terrified to take anything fearing it would make it worse or make me crazy. But my anxiety pushed me to major depression from my irrational fears. I kept thinking it's gonna get so bad I'm gonna end up losing my job and becoming homeless. Reviews from others scared me also. Finally I told myself it couldn't get any worse than this. Well it's been 2 weeks and I haven't felt that horrible ""dread"" feeling. I'm way less anxious. It's pretty much saved me. There are side effects.  Tolerable though. Nausea and headaches the first few days. It also causes bad urinary retention and sweating. But to me,they're worth not feeling the way I did."
2300	10.0	Lexapro has helped me so much. I am currently on week 6 of a 10mg dose. 24yr old male.  I felt the effects almost immediately. The first 3 days it gave me extreme ADD. I could not focus on one thing for more than 1 minute. My brain was jumping from thought to thought like never before. After the first week I suddenly had a moment of clarity and was able to focus better than I ever was before. My anxiety and depression in the morning completely went away. I was able to get out of bed. No more driving anxiety or thoughts of self harm. All completely went away. The only negative thing that I have found is one side effect. It now takes a very, very long time for me to reach orgasm during sex. Sometimes not at all. No matter how pretty she is.
2301	10.0	I have anxiety and depression. Lexapro is the first anxiety medication I have taken since I've only been diagnosed a week ago. I can tell you that by a long shot this medication has helped me. I have major anxiety driving and the first day I was on it, my anxiety driving was 95% gone. I take 10 mg of lexapro and take 50 mg of Tranzadone to sleep at night. Both are very helpful in conjunction. Plus lexapro doesn't make me feel like a zombie !! Win win.
2302	10.0	I had immediate results.I definitely felt less edgy just 3 days into my 10mg nightly dose. I had a headache first two days but took pain relief and it knocked it out. So far it has already provided relief from my constant anxiety and edginess.
2303	1.0	"Having been diagnosed with general anxiety disorder over ten years ago and taking Xanax 1 mg. twice a day, I was surprised when my doctor prescribed Lexapro, not instead of, but in addition to.  He said it was a mood stabilizer, but I know its and SSRI generally used as an anti-depressant.  Medical guidelines now require, or at least I've been told as much by my doctor, that primary physicians are required to ask questions regarding mental health.  I was asked, ""Have you in the past two weeks lost interest in your normal activities?""  No.  ""Have you in the past two weeks had thoughts of suicide?""  No.  Still, he prescribed the Lexapro and I started taking it.  The side effects were horrible.  Every symptom of depression, which I didn't have"
2304	10.0	"I am on day 6 of taking Lexapro and I must say that I am very pleased with the results so far. My husband is deploying and I began experiencing panic attacks and anixiety back in May. I thought it was just me and I could brush it off or ""get over it"". As time went on, I noticed that my symptoms became worse. I was crying everyday, worrying, panic attacks, aniexty attacks and having intrusive thoughts, which began to make me extremely depressed. I had no energy, insomnia, crying, mentally exhausted and no appetite. I finally broke down and went to my GP and told him what was going on. He recommended several different anti-depressants. I had been reading about the different anti-depressants and found that Lexapro got the best reviews. I was reluctant to begin taking meds but thought I had no choice. I know it might be premature but I feel 100% better that I did a week ago. The only side effect that I experienced was a insomnia for the first 3 nights, loss of appetite and no libido. I didn't have much of a libido to begin with, so it doesn't bother me. I didn't experience nausea like I read on other reviews. I am slowly getting my appetite back and sleep so good at night. It makes a little groggy first thing in the morning but once I get up and get going, I'm good. I take 10 mg every morning. My doctor wants me to increase my dosage to 20 mg after 2 weeks but I will wait and see how I feel. I highly recommend this medication. It has really helped me. I feel so much better!!!"
2305	10.0	"I was having terrible mood problems and depression. The doctor prescribed me Lexapro...and I guess I never realized I even suffered from anxiety until now. 
The results were beyond amazing---mood has been lifted noticeably...but the kicker...and VERY unexpectedly-my cervical pain was reduced by about 97% -and tension I dealt with nearly daily (I thought from the imperfection of my cervical vertebrae-because I had a 2-level fusion about 11 years ago and they've spotted a slight bulging recently in the C4 vertebrae, which is right above the fused level) and I could finally-FINALLY-get off of pain medication, after relying on it for a decade to make my days bearable! Many yrs of pain mgmt.-and an unexpected med takes care of nearly 100% of it!"
2306	10.0	I thought Lexapro wasn't going to help my anxiety but after about 3 weeks it made a huge difference. I feel like I'm living again!
2307	8.0	I am 23 and have had extreme anxiety/panic since around 20.  I am super sensitive to meds/ side effects.  I have tried so many AD and none have worked.  Recently I have tried Remeron but had to switch due to drowsiness- I have hypersomnia.  Lexapro by far has taken away my worrying mind more than anything which is amazing.  The first month was pretty horrid besides that though.  Constant nausea, yawning, worsened anxiety at first, headaches.  I still have some nausea and now I have noticed extreme drowsiness again. I really love how it helps my anxiety, but (like always) the side effects really bother me.  Try it out, get thru the 1st month. If you don't have bad side effects its the best anxiety med I have ever had.  Good luck!
2308	10.0	I started getting anxiety my first year of college. I had previously had mild anxiety, but it was not as debilitating. I was constantly worrying what others thought about me and had obsessive thoughts. I started on 10mg of lexapro and it completely changed my outlook on life. I did not realize how fun life could be before I lived it without the looming cloud of anxiety. It also helped tremendously with anxiety surrounding the intrusive thoughts. Some things that WORSENED my anxiety while on lexapro were birth control pills (hormone imbalance worsens anxiety) and hard alcohol. I take 1/2 tsp inositol powder (a type of vitamin) and probiotics that seem to help my anxiety and depression in addition to the lexapro.
2309	6.0	Only took 2.0 mg first time &amp; 2.0 mg in evening.  So 4mg altogether daily.  Instant relief upon first dose.  Immediate. Gave me headache first dose for about 3 hours but after that all good for 3 days.  On 4th day got another headache in evening for few hours.  Last night took it at about 10pm, got to sleep but woke up at 4am couldn't get bk to sleep til 7am.  Gives u vivid dreams that feel real.  I wouldn't recommend starting with any more than 2.5mg or 4mg max split in two doses at least 8-10-12 hrs apart. 2.0mg each dose max. I'm thinking of making my evening dose just 1mg or bc it's much stronger and more of an upper than celexa. Does makes u feel tired but the anxiety is gone, less hypersensitive but can be too 'high' agitating.
2310	9.0	I'm in my early 30's and never had a problem with depression or anxiety until I lost my mother to cancer 18 months ago.  I fell into a depression after that and my doctor prescribed me generic lexapro for short term depression ( as it has never been an issue).  I noticed within 2 weeks that I felt better...I had more energy, etc.. Not liking the idea of being on meds, I weaned off it after 6 months.. I still had withdrawal symptoms (electric shock feeling).  Well after that my husband left me and that combined with the loss of my mother was too much to bear. I was miserable. I only left the house to go to work and it was difficult to pull myself out of bed.  As soon as I got home I would throw on pj's and just lay on the couch. PAGE 1 of 2
2311	5.0	"I have had exaustion, stress and anxiety for a few months now and recently the anxiety got worse and for the first time in my life I had a panic attack twice in one day. I went to hospital and the doc prescribed the meds but I was afraid to start taking them. I also saw a therapist who also thought I could get past this without meds. After I had a bad panick attack at night I decided to start taking them..Its been 3 days and I have hardly slept and have nausea especially in the evenings and at night..Im feeling less anxious but I really need to sleep because I have to go back to work tomorrow.
Please tell me this gets better because my doc said she is only putting me on these for 2 weeks then we will review and see if I can go off them"
2312	9.0	I have had panic attacks for years after trying many other a it depressants that made this worse Lexapro was my magic pill I have had a 90% reduction in acute panic disorder and general anxiety, with this drug I'm normal person again and I have my life back.  I'm my opinion this is a blockbuster drug and I'm so thankful to the chemist that created it.  Thank you for giving me my life back!  &lt;3
2313	10.0	I had been experiencing milder depressive symptoms for a couple of months, but then suddenly one morning I woke up with all the physical symptoms of a panic attack, which I'd never had before (never had any anxiety symptoms before), and symptoms persisted almost nonstop for 4 days until I could get in with my doctor. I wasn't having anxiety about any one specific thing, I just felt hopeless and like I'd lost control of my thinking. She prescribed me klonopin for immediate relief (big help) and the generic version of lexapro (10 mg) to actually address the problem in tandem with counseling. I'm only a week in but feeling LIKE MYSELF and so much better in general. Had some headaches and sleepiness/yawning in the first week but lessening now
2314	10.0	Lexapro has changed my life....I am an alcoholic who could never be in social situation without drinking...when I became sober I isolated myself from crowds, friends, working etc until I found lexapro which has cured me of my anxietities and I can now have a normal life without drinking.  I'm the me I was before I started drinking and couldn't be happier.  I also hear people say they've gained weight I have actually lost five pounds doing my normal activities and eating healthy 
2315	8.0	I've been taking lexapro for about a year now and it seems to help a lot with my social anxiety. I don't think about nor care what people think as much as I used to. But it does make me kinda have like no emotion toward people's feeling &amp; what not. Which is a downside. But I used to be afraid of big crowds. I wouldn't really want to be around people but at the same time I did because I wanted to have friends and be outgoing but it was extremely hard for me. Also I had like mild depression, always negative thoughts. But since I've been taking it it's definitely made me more positive and more friendly. Before I would always worry about everything and when I say everything I mean everything lol. With out it I do have bad withdrawal &amp; it sucks.
2316	7.0	"I have only been taking Lexapro a few days, but I can tell a bit of improvement, but as of now I still get paranoid or to say anxious which makes me exhausted. And I'm not  much on going around people a lot, just one on one conversations with a friend or relative. Hoping and praying it works like a lot of post here which are positive. Hoping to gain weight, for I'm at 113pds....when I was 130, Yea lost quite a bit of weight...the lexapro im hoping will give me a better appetite which I've read it does. 

This is an update on day 6, I slept full 8 hours and that was with getting off to sleep with help of xanax. But really feel better and have some energy and some of the worry is gone...and hoping to get better. Going to keep taking it."
2317	1.0	My psychiatrist prescribed Lexapro to treat general anxiety, which it barely impacted, and since starting it 4 weeks ago I've become severely depressed and spend all day contemplating suicide. I don't know if it's entirely the medicine's fault, or if it even had anything to do with it, but it certainly hasn't helped me with anything, and I can't find anything online about it actually worsening depression instead of treating it.
2318	10.0	Lexpro is the best medication. I had no life befor Lexpro. I used to suffer for 8 years from anxiety and panick attacks. I was always scared from anything. The doctor asked me to try Lexpro I was so afriad of medications, I thought medications would never help me. I used think that I will help my self to stop thinking about it. I thought they were all thoughts in my mind and I have to change them I used to get panick attacks everday when I'm sleeping. I would recommend anyone to try this medication because this medication will safe your life if you have anxity I have been 10 mg for months then 15 for 2 months and 4 months for 20 Mg and am still taking it. And I will never stop taking it
2319	2.0	"I have extreme anxiety and major depression. For me, all SSRI's, SSNRI's make me feel extremely weird. Almost as if my body feels ""too good"" but not in a good way. The only way to describe it is like jolts of electric shocks throughout my body that feel good. Also when I yawn or take a deep breath my teeth start to chatter. It also creates extreme erectile dysfunction for me to the point where it burns when I urinate. Unfortunately these are symptoms I cannot put up with, even though it does work."
2320	8.0	"After months of cbt with my psychologist for severe anxiety and panic disorder i decided to seek help from a psychiatrist. 
I was perscribed 5mg then 10mg of lexapro to start and it gradually incresed to 20mg. 
In the first few days i had never felt worse. More frequant and severe panic attacks and my general anxiety went through the roof and i had the most extreme feeling of hopelessness. I was a mess and calling my drs telling them i needed to stop taking it. They reassured me these side affects would go away within weeks, and they did. I continued with the cbt, mindfullness, lifestyle changes and stayed on the lexapro and within months i felt i was back to my normal self. Post like these kept me going. Hang in there, you're not alone!"
2321	8.0	"Started Lexapro 2006 for acute anxiety &amp; depression. Within days I felt a shroud of darkness lift. After 12 months I felt it was changing me into a person with less emotions, so I went off it. Within a few weeks I felt a sharpness and sensitivity that had been missing but, any negative occurrences gave me intense anxiety.
In late 2008 the GFC hit me hard. I was paralyzed with fear and had thoughts of suicide. In desperation I went back on lexapro and again, all the anxiety and fear went away. After a couple of years I went off it again and felt reasonably OK.
Issues in 2013 caused me to attempt suicide. I survived and went back on Lexapro. I may have less emotions, but I can now deal with life. Strangely, It also fixed my AF heart condition"
2322	5.0	I've been on lexapro for months now but recently i have been experiencing bad nausea at night only. Im thinking about switching if it doesn't stop (night 3)
2323	4.0	I've been on lexapro for five days now and I've never felt more anxious in my life, I haven't been eating and when I do eat nothing stays in my stomach long, my sleeping has been a nightmare, maybe 5 hours a night if I'm lucky, and I'm shaky all through the night and partially through the day, I feel like I'm going crazy but I keep reading reviews that side effects are awful then subside and the medication is great, I'm just really feeling like I'm losing it here
2324	8.0	"Hi Everyone, 
I am a 22 yr old female and I have been on 10mg of lexapro for 2 weeks now and I thought I'd share my experience although  everyone will react to medication differently. The first three days were awful. Nauseous to the point where I could barely move, terrible headaches, incredible hunger, yawning constantly and waking up all through out the night. On the 4th day most the side effects just stopped. Mostly the headaches and nauseous feeling. You really have to push through the initial side effects. All the racing thoughts immediately stopped, I am so much more calm, no more mood swings, social situations no longer bother me, I am just generally happier. I will also mention that I had none of the sexual side effects."
2325	8.0	"Hi Everyone, 
I am a 22 yr old female and I have been on 10mg of lexapro for 2 weeks now and I thought I'd share my experience although  everyone will react to medication differently. The first three days were awful. Nauseous to the point where I could barely move, terrible headaches, incredible hunger, yawning constantly and waking up all through out the night. On the 4th day most the side effects just stopped. Mostly the headaches and nauseous feeling. You really have to push through the initial side effects. All the racing thoughts immediately stopped, I am so much more calm, no more mood swings, social situations no longer bother me, I am just generally happier. I will also mention that I had none of the sexual side effects."
2326	10.0	I use to get in fights all the time!!  My doctor prescribed Lexapro and I haven't been in a fight in 2 straight days.
2327	10.0	I've had panic and anxiety really bad for 18 years. Some days where ok and other days where terrible . I forgot really what normal felt like. In 2012 it just got worse. Panic attacks every day.  I couldn't control it no more. I broke down and seeked help. My Dr put me on lexpro.  I was super scared at first to take it because of all the storys on the internet about it. I had a few side effects, but nothing to bad.  Best thing I ever did. Been on lexpro for over two years now and not one single panic attack. I feel like a totally normal person, it's great. My life improved 100%, and that's no lie.
2328	10.0	"I am updating my last 8 star review of a week or 2 ago below in thread.

Update:  The sleep disruption/insomnia  (oftentimes waking 2-4 am and not getting back to sleep) subsided after 3 weeks of starting the generic form of Lexapro (on 10 mg for almost a month).   I am sleeping well again without assistance from Xanax.  I haven't taken X in 5 nights and sleeping my usual 7 hours.  It's wonderful.  No anxiety either.  Give this drug a chance if you can stick out the sleep problems.  It works.  I feel myself again and am not worrying over worrying about anxiety. Not afraid to go anywhere, for fear I'd get that old sense of dread and unease.  I don't even think about it.  It doesn't matter the time of day you take it by the way."
2329	1.0	"Due to my increasing anxiety and panic attacks I was prescribed Lexapro 10mg. During the first few weeks I became very sensitive and would nearly cry over simple things like a customer saying ""please don't put this item in the bag with that item..."". I had very high blood pressure, bad headaches, rapid heart beat, I would feel weak and my body would start shaking (especially my hands). One time I even thought I was having a minor heart attack. I decided to ween off Lexapro and change medication."
2330	1.0	Last summer I was prescribed lexapro under the name Liberium for my anxiety and depression. I was told to take 10mg once a day, but to ween myself onto it by taking half a pill a day for a week or two. Most of my time on Lexapro was blurry; I couldn't remember a lot. People around me could tell that I wasn't right. I stumbled a lot, slurred my words, and generally felt very irritable. My anxiety was through the roof but I had absolutely no depression. When coming down from the med, about 3 hours before the next dose, I literally couldn't move. Coming off of the med one day gave me a panic attack and what was diagnosed as a pseudo-seizure: non epileptic seizing while remaining completely conscious. I was taken away by force by ambulance.
2331	10.0	I first started lexapro when I had a massive panic attack in October 2015 it came out of no where and after seeing doctors they disagnosed me with health anxiety.. I'm a mum of 2 and I'm always constantly worrying if I have cancer or if that niggle in my leg was something bad... After my panic attack j was put on 2.5mg and the first week was horrible.. Nauseous, feeling Crap and solo tired... After that I started feeling so much better. I'm not on 15mg and very happy.. I started letting anxiety rule me life and it was turning me into someone I wasnt.. I've always been scared of the stigma of having to me on medication to get me through life however if it helps me be a happier person and a better mum then I'm more then happy with my decision
2332	8.0	Started Lexapro (Escitalopram) 10 mg taken at 8:00am  2 wks ago for anxiety and mild agoraphobia due to worry over having an anxiety attack-a tsunami of nervousness would overwhelm me and make me fearful and filled with unease. I was always worried about why this was happening to me out of nowhere. And I avoided going to places I once enjoyed. After day 12 a switch flipped.  I felt myself again, happy, easy going, not worried, not anticipating something bad was going to happen. What I cannot handle is the sleep disruption this drug has caused.  Waking at 3, 4 am and unable to get back to sleep.  Dr. prescribed  .50 mg Xanax, which is helping me through this side effect.  Hopefully it will subside when my body adjusts to the serotonin levels
2333	10.0	All I can say is WOW! After the birth of my son, I developed insomnia and anxiety. I placed a lot of pressure on myself to get enough sleep and the result was not being able to sleep. In addition, I have very high expectations of myself. I work from home and was studying at the time. From this, I caused so much anxiety for myself to the point where I couldn't control my thoughts and feelings. I was prescribed Zoloft which probably made me more anxious and I was on that for a year. My GP switched me to Lexapro 4 months ago.  On this med I feel like a different person. Happy, no anxious thoughts, I am sleeping like a log and am dreaming! I haven't dreamt in years and it's lovely! I have had no side effects on this drugs :)
2334	10.0	Hello all , my esperience with lexapro is very good , first of all i head extreme panic attack all days , extreme anxiety extreme weaknes . After one week of taking i feel more powerfull no panic attacks but anxiety is still there i hope in few weeks anxiety will be gone
2335	9.0	Been on this for roughly 3 weeks. I started taking 10 mgs but I'm currently only taking 2.5 mgs. The first week was a lil bad. I took at night and the med kicked in in like 3 hours. I couldn't sleep, had increased anxiety and it upset my stomach. I cut down to 5 then 2.5. Now I'm fine,  panic attacks are pretty much gone (before I was getting them daily sometimes even 2 or 3 times). The attacks were starting to interfere with work n life n I had to get some help. I tried working out n eating better but it wasn't helping. This works but it takes time. Also, I take this in the mornings with food. It gives me energy so taking at night wasn't good for me bc it would keep me up. Start with a low dose so your body gets used to it.
2336	1.0	I was told by my psychiatrist to try lexapro 10 mg for my anxiety. I have tried other medications in the past to help with it like Wellbutrin and Zoloft. They didn't help at all  I got side effects right away like  nausa,headaches and dizziness. So I was hoping that lexapro would help where the others didnt. I kept a positive attitude in hopes that it would make me have less anxiety. I took my first pill and 2 hrs later I felt so nauseous that I had trouble standing up without wanting to vomit. Then I starting feeling like my scalp was on fire. Also parts of my skin felt like it had a burning sensation. It didn't go away for the rest of the day. The next day I tried again and the same thing happened I wondered if with EDS if I can't take it
2337	9.0	My mood improved significantly with Lexapro. No anxiety or panic attacks whatsoever. However after about a week on it, I had severe diharrea. I literally was afraid to eat.
2338	9.0	"I've always been an anxious person, usually I find my anxiety serves me well to stay on top of a busy household, but occasionally the anxiety is destructive instead, like after the birth of a child or difficult times. 
I'd had a horrid couple of years, nursing my mum to the end from cancer and eventually it caught up with me, panic attacks, health anxiety, obsession on breathing, palpitations constantly. 
I went straight onto 20mg as had been on this drug briefly a decade ago. 
The first 24 hours were weird, dizzy, disorientated, mildly nauseous and a huge panic attack. I only slept 3 hours a night for the first 2-3 days. By week 3 I sleep 8hrs a night, have energy during the day and zero anxiety. I feel great! Lexapro is great but be patient"
2339	8.0	I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attacks.  I am on day seven and haven't noticed any improvements, my anxiety  was increased and I am experiencing some dizziness.  However I am going to let the pill take it's course even though it's been hard to continue on it.   My dad took the pill and had success with it so I'm hoping that's the case for me!  Most of all just think positive that it will work! You will get through this! :)
2340	6.0	I've been on this medication for 2 1/2 months now, so I'm not sure if that's long enough to judge this medication, but here I go. I am a 21 year old male, and I've had anxiety for as long as I remember, and on and off depression since I was about 15. This medication works FANTASTICALLY for both anxiety and depression. Both symptoms are at an all time low, and I love this medicine for that. Unfortunately, side effects are present, and for me, never went away. I ALWAYS feel tired on this medicine (as a result, caffeine is my best friend). Because of the side effects, I don't particular recommend this medicine, but everyone's body works differently, and it may be right for you.
2341	4.0	Today is my 3rd day on medication. I was prescribed it for social anxiety (despite being a beautiful 6'2 male with no reason to be anxious about appearance) generalized anxiety and panic attacks. Talking to people in malls, convenience stores and being around large groups of people frighten me. I havent noticed much of a difference other than lack of sleep, crazy amazing lucid dreams for the first two nights and my jaw clenching. So far no effect on anxiety and took a benzo because Im feeling restless but still feeling restless right now. I pray this works as Im unable to work now due to my anxiety. Ive always had anxiety but after having mono for 2 months it has spiraled completely out of control. I will update this soon. Please work!
2342	9.0	I have had three very good experiences with Lexapo. To any readers in deep depression and with anxiety, rule one is to not take bad experiences you read on the web as your future experience.  Each time I have experienced major depression, I started on 10 mg and had to grind my way through at least 4 weeks to feel any positive effects and the worse side effects were gone.  I was bumped up to 20mg and it took two weeks of living through hell again and than suddenly it was gone.   Exercise, get out and face your demons, and remember it can and will get better (yes, hard to believe when they could scrape you off the wall but it will happen). Good luck ... you have my sympathy and encouragement.
2343	9.0	I have been taking Lexapro 10mgs for nearly 4 months because of anxiety and mild depression. I had about 5 days at first with some dizziness and nausea, after that things smoothed out. Almost immediately it cured my insomnia by 95%.I take it in the morning. In the past, if I woke up at night my thoughts would turn to things that kept me from falling asleep again. As far as anxiety, I am not worrying about things at work so much. I still have some social and anticipatory anxiety, but it is some better than before. Depression is much better; I frequently have a warm feeling of happiness and everything will be alright. Before I felt distressed and flat about the future. So, I would definitely recommend a trial with this medication.
2344	10.0	"Escitalopram has helped me tremendously with panic and anxiety! Want to give hope to others who've been combing forums as I have. Started having panic attacks 6 months ago for no apparent reason. Waited it out hoping they would stop, but only worsened and my life went downhill fast. Dr. gave me Escitalopram 10 mg. with Clonazepam to help with start up effects. The first 10 days were difficult: insomnia, loss of appetite, increased anxiety. These effects disappeared as I hoped and each day I noticed subtle improvements. I am now panic free! Still have small anxiety, but that is human and ""normal"".  So happy that I took action, as I was very afraid. Give this med a chance and give it time to work. I'm sure glad that I did!"
2345	10.0	I have been taking Lexapro for three years now. It has been a miracle. I have not had any panic attacks in over two years. I have a great outlook on life and am totally  comfortable in my own skin. Before I started I had panic attacks regularly. They were so bad that I would have them while driving, at work, while I was trying to sleep. I was a mess. Much, MUCH better with Lexapro.
2346	1.0	I took Lexapro for almost 4 weeks and quit because it was pure hell. I tried to push through the side effects but they never went away.  Insomnia, couldn't eat, anxiety hit the roof, panic attacks every night, and crazy thoughts. Was not for me.
2347	8.0	Been on this medicine for around 5 weeks, 10 mg. Been the happiest I have been in awhile! I really love this medication, I have finally got myself out of the darker place I was before. So glad that it's working, and I'm feeling better day to day. Still some anxiety but I can deal with it, depression is completely gone, I can socialize no problem. terrific
2348	7.0	Lexapro (or the Escitalopram version in my country) was almost immediately successful in treating my anxiety and extreme rage issues. I've been using it for 8 months, but experience one major side-effect: constant tiredness or lethargy. I've tried taking it at other times during the day, but no change. I sleep really well at night, have vivid dreams, am more creative and able to solve problems - if I can stay awake during the day. Get really drowsy two hours after taking this and can easily nap for a couple of hours in the afternoon.  I'm no longer a bitch, but also no longer awake. So will have to choose between being mentally sharp or being anxious and angry all the time.
2349	9.0	Lexapro changed my life for the better! I had anxiety and needed help. My doctor put me on 15 mg lexapro and the first month was not fun as my body was getting used to the drug. I had dry mouth, sweating and problems sleeping but after a month the side effects went away and I feel normal again. I bumped it down to 10 mg and have been on it for 2 years
2350	8.0	Began 10mg daily. First day was difficult. Severe mood swings, heightened anxiety, baseless anger, etc. Advise anyone beginning this to 1) begin on a day off and 2) have someone around to keep an eye on you. That ended at the second day, when I only took half-pills. Now that I am a week in, taking the full 10mg and things settling down nicely. Yawning is annoying and my normal night-owl life is riddled with deep, restful sleep, but I am calmer and less angry all the time.
2351	10.0	I've been taking Lexapro for about 8 months now and it has done me wonders! I have not once had an anxiety attack since, and it has helped me with my depression as well! I highly recommend it!
2352	5.0	"""I was given Lexapro from my Psych recommended by my therapist for anxiety which I had tried to manage naturally for many yrs by faith workingout meditation yoga and eating healthy. I am 37 suffering with severe panic-anxiety attacks which started while I was pregnant and involved DV with the dad who is a angel dust addict. I was always against taking any kind of meds not even for a headache so the thought of taking a drug everyday was scary I was diagnose with PTSD and anxiety. Its early since I just took my first dose last night and I haven't even experience any real side effects apart from a little tiredness this morning even though I slept 8hrs when I was only sleeping 3-4 at most. I still feel very anxious I will check-in 2-3 wks"
2353	7.0	"Feeling alive again but still having panick attacks.
I've been on 10mg for the past month  but I noticed every time I have drinks,  the next  day I have nasty pânic attacks. They are awful.  Its been only a month.  Does it get better after 2 months.  I like this medicine, I feel alive again. I wanna jump out of my bed and go to the gym at 6am like before! I haven't felt like this in a year! Before all I wanted to do was sleep and stay attached to my bed.  
I love this med but i think I'll need to upper the dose for my anxiety.  :'("
2354	2.0	"Did more harm than good.
Suicidal ideation regularly even after taken for 4 months. Stomach problems, increased anxiety; and depression onset when I had none prior."
2355	9.0	I remember reading all these reviews before I took it because I was so scared of the side effects that I might get so I thought I would review it. I know everyone reacts differently but so far this medication has been great. It has slowed down those over thinking anxious feeling's a lot! The side effects were minor. Mild digestive problems, occasional yawning episodes (a bit annoying). The one that is probably the biggest issue is the complete loss of appetite, I just feel like drinking a lot of water. I don't feel hungry and have lost 2kg in the 3 weeks I have been on it.   I am hoping in time these side effects will eventually go away. They are pretty mild and something I can put up with since it is helping me with my anxiety.
2356	10.0	Changed my life.  Quiets the irrational fears and depression that accompany anxiety disorder.  Taking 10mg/daily.  Weight gain but could also be because I'm happy and eating again.  Also sleep great and feel calm.  No sexual side effects.  Stay with it for 6-8 weeks.  If it doesn't work for you, try another medication until you find the one that clicks.  Don't give up!
2357	9.0	"I was given Lexapro from my GP for anxiety which I had tried to manage naturally the past two years with various techniques to no avail. My panic symptoms were with me everyday and often suffered panic attack episodes. 
Made it extremely difficult to do 
everyday type stuff let alone work. I
 was always drug resistant..the kind 
of person who wouldn't even want to 
take a headache med so the thought
 of a drug therapy I would do everyday was 
scary. Anyhow, its early on less 
than two weeks and I haven't even 
experience any real side effects 
apart from a little tiredness first 
week. I feel less anxious already, no 
attacks and my thoughts aren't
looping in my head anymore. I'm 
hoping it continues to get better!"
2358	1.0	Stay away from this drug! Or at least if you have had my experience. My side effects was that I had very painful armpit boils. Never before in my life had I had them. I researched signs and symptoms online, and found Lexapro could cause them. I stopped taking Lexapro, and haven't experienced anymore. I would get one or two boils a week. They left ugly, permanent scars. Although, I've found possible laser treatment may remove scars.
2359	10.0	I am a 24y/o female. I've been taking Lexapro 10mg for almost 4 months now and I can confidently say the only scary thing about this medication is people's negative reviews on it. First and foremost EVERYONE is different, so everyone will react to it differently. I was prescribed it by my primary Doctor due to my severe anxiety and mild depression. Before this medication I was prescribed Celexa, but hated it. My anxiety and depression got so much worse I decided to do something about it. It came to the point where my anxiety and depression affected everyone around me and I just wasn't happy anymore.  At first taking this medication gave me some side affects. My side effects were really dry mouth, some intense dreams, and some loss of appetite. The only thing that has stuck for these few months have been the dreams. They seems SO REAL! But I can say I rather have some dreams than those scary anxiety attacks I use to get, and those depressed bed sobs. Lexapro has changed my life! Before this medication my life was hitting rock bottom. My Anxiety was so severe it took over my life. I obsessed over everything, overthought everything, felt like at any moment I was going to die. I was on edge every second. My blood pressure was always high and I'm only 24! I had this obsession of dying in a car accident, it came to a point I couldnt ride in a car with anyone else unless I was driving. If I did I would get panic attacks. My depression was also bad and also had an eating disorder. I felt like I was never going to be happy. Was never going to be happy in a relationship, or in my job, or even be able to hug my own mother again. I'm happy the people in my life noticed how much my disorders were taking over my life and helped me make a change. Lexapro helped my life. I hope my review will change yours.
2360	8.0	I took this for several years. I would occasionally switch to something else, but I always came back to it. While effective, it caused me to gain a lot of weight.
2361	5.0	I was prescribed this drug for occasional anxiety issues, related to pressure at work. I took it during an extremely stressful time where I experienced extraordinary anxiety. The first day it helped me quite a lot, by taking away the negative feeling in my chest and making me more relaxed and social. Later in the day, it made me very awake, without impairing my sleep. I took it for another 4-5 days every day in 2.5-10mg to try with different dosage. The positive impact faded and I got serious problems with side effects. I could hardly sleep any longer and the combination with diphenhydramin (sleeping pill) made it even worse, by excessively reducing my heart rate and respiratory condition. The last 2 days i hardly slept, due to 'hypnic jerks
2362	3.0	Bad experience. Bad sleep.
2363	10.0	Have been on Lexapro for two years now. First weeks were truly horrible and took 6-8 weeks for full effect. But hang in there! My life is finally anxiety free and I enjoy the smallest things. I see now how much place and energy the anxiety took before. Not anymore. No side effects. Take it at night to avoid sexual side effects. (Had them when I took Lex in the morning.)
2364	10.0	My 15 yr old daughter has multiple diagnoses. ODD. ADD. Anxiety and Depression. We have used several different meds over the last few months to aid with behavioral issues like constant anger and opposition with occasional explosive outbursts of anger and focus &amp; concentration in school. She has been on 10 mg Lexapro daily for a little over a week and I can see a huge difference in her already. I feel like I have my daughter back. We can have a conversation without an argument. She seems so much more peaceful and generally happy. I see so much of a difference, I don't think she even needs the Daytrana patch for ADD now. Other meds we have tried are Effexor, Concerta, Adderall, &amp; Stratera.
2365	8.0	I have been in a really bad funk for as long as I can remember and have been through a good amount. I won't go into details because its not relevant. Also felt like my brain was foggy and mind constantly racing. I have social anxiety as well. I am on day two of lexapro and I think it's working already. I feel warm inside, peaceful and am interacting with people so easily. It's strange. I can't explain it bit I feel peaceful, happy and not anxious. I haven't felt this way in a long time. I get drowsy and my eyes get heavy randomly through out the day. I've also started smiling randomly. I know this is sort of vague, I wanted to be straight to the point. I really hope this is it and I have found the right medicine and hope this lasts!
2366	10.0	I have been on a few other anti-anxiety meds over the past decade.  The last one I was on was an absolute nightmare, so I vowed to NEVER take meds again.  Since then, I tried natural remedies, exercise etc. to combat this constant agitation and anxiety I have been feeling.  I couldn't really be in the moment and enjoy.  I've been on 10 mg. of Lexapro for over 2 months now and haven't felt this good in a forever (it seems).  I feel normal again and I actually want to get out and do things.  I see now how severely depressed/anxious I have been for so long.  This medication has given me my life back.  I have not gained any weight, thus far and have stayed the same.  Everyone is different, so I feel very lucky that this is working for me.
2367	3.0	I got on this med Sept.2015. I had anxiety mixed with fear to take it. I am on the 10 mg dose and get depressed and anxiety when on it. Slowly it worsened to the point I couldn't attend school. I this normal!? I have experienced the lack of wanting to eat and hating food in the start of being on it.Then my hunger spiked past its norm; I was eating like there was no tomorrow. Now being close to Xmas and off it for a bit I feel more snappy. If you are/ have experienced this I hope this helped.
2368	9.0	I've tried many medications for anxiety, panic disorder, social phobia etc. I was previously on Zoloft for 3 months with nasty side effects. I started 5mg of Lexapro on 11/13/15 and after the first day I saw significant improvement, 2 weeks later I was at 10mg. I'm able to go places without panicking, and I'm more social. The only side effect I have is nausea and gas but Zofran helps with that. Today I will be increasing my dose to 20mg. So far it's done awesome for me. I hope it continues to get better.
2369	5.0	Hi i just started Lexapro 3 days ago 5mg for anxiety and I must say I think I feel worse then I did before I took it. I feel all shakey and feel a bit down and I have gone off my food is this normal has anyone else felt like this ?
2370	2.0	I was put on this for my panic disorder  because i was suffering from panic attacks  while driving because of a bad car wreck I had. Anyways my doctor put me on 10mgs when I took it in the day I was so drowsy and out of it I couldn't function. So I switched to taking it before bed and I would wake up every night with dizzy spells and heart beating out my chest. It would take a hour for those symptoms to go away and for me to continue my sleep. Then during the day I would have extreme anxiety I couldn't be behind the wheel of a car without panicking, I couldn't go out to the store without panicking I was only on it for 10 days the worst 10 days of my life and honestly I feel better now that I'm off this horrible drug
2371	10.0	"I posted in Oct. My 9 yr. Old has Aspergers and my life was hard.
It is now the last week of month 2 on 10mg. of Lexapro. OMG!!! Is this what normal really feels like!? Please.. if you have anxiety and possible depression give this drug a chance. I feel like a new person. I laugh at shows now, I have a sense of humor again. My spouse is spending more time around me since I am more pleseant to be around. I cooked a small Thx giving dinner for 4 from  scratch in 4 hours without stressing it. I can watch sad movies and feel  the emotions but not cry through the whole show or movie.  Find myself interested in things I used to enjoy but stopped. I am glad I hung in and listened to others who said to give it 6-8 weeks for full effect.They were right.:)"
2372	10.0	I was having terrible anxiety out of the blue at age 59 they anxiety lasted all day and into the evening for one month. I was on Prozac and the doctor put me on Lexapro instead and my anxiety was gone by the third day of taking it! It has worked wonderfully for me I feel normal again and not so fearful!
2373	1.0	I'm 19 years old and I've had anxiety since I was a kid. When my family would sing happy birthday to me, I would have a panic attack and cry. I cried every day my kindergarden year. My anxiety got worse over the years but my parents are those types that don't believe in medication and mental disorders. This year, since being an adult and being able to make my own decisions, I decided to see a therapist. They started me out on 5mg lexapro. The first month was like heaven. I could hold conversations with strangers, go to restaurants and not have a panic attack trying to order food, and so on. After that first month the medicine just stopped working. I was tired and sick all the time and it made me have horrible bursts of anger. Don't take this!!
2374	2.0	I took this after being on Zoloft for anxiety &amp; social phobia. Zoloft didn't work (I was on it for about 4 weeks and it gave me terrible headaches, couldn't sleep, but felt tired all the time). After about 2 weeks of being on Lexapro, I got severe anxiousness and anger and rage. I had it for 3 days straight and my husband told me to call the doc and get off the meds. I also was dizzy all the time so much that I couldn't stand up without having to immediately sit down because of the world spinning. I'm switching over to Efexxor now and hoping that will help.
2375	10.0	I've had serious anxiety since I was a teen. In the last 4 years (thanks to some random health issues) it has skyrocketed and life has become unbearable. Everyday I thought I was having a heart attack - despite stellar cardio results. Anxiety took full control of my life - mentally and physically. Xanax and booze (not together) work like a charm but I fear the addiction potential. My doc put me on low dose of Lexapro (5 mg) and within 48 hours all my crazy anxiety ended. Gone. I feel normal again - it's been YEARS since I've felt this way. Small sexual side effect (long time to ejaculate) and slight weight gain but I'm ok with that. Another side effect: my co-workers &amp; friends like me again.
2376	9.0	"I am 19 years old. I had severe panic attacks before dates and would get sick right in front of them. Also, had trouble talking to ""higher ups"" at work. My doc put me on 10 mg Lexapro for social anxiety disorder. Worked right away after the first dose. Takes away all pain and worrying. The only bad thing is I feel like my life is all in slow motion and can't be bothered about anything. Puts you in your happy place. No need to suffer anymore, there is an answer!"
2377	6.0	I was having a lot of anxiety over trying to raise my RAD (Reactive attachment disorder) niece.  I didn't feel depressed just anxious and had panic attacks. Her and I were in a power struggle. This med helped me relax and pick my battles and not get over zealous about thing. The bad thing is within 5 months I gained 15 pounds not changing my eating habits at all. The 6th month I tried to lose weight and could not so I went back and got on something else.
2378	5.0	"I suffer from severe social and general anxiety. Started on lexapro about a month ago. Took 10mg daily for 3 and 1/2 weeks with little results. I would always check these reviews because I saw how much it had changed many people's lives so I was trying to stay optimistic. side affects were tough the first week but went away quickly. Not much help with anxiety, all I really noticed was a ""cloudy headed"" feeling all day. Don't give up taking it though! This drug does wonders for many people."
2379	10.0	"Hi. I am on day 16 of 10mg. The first 6 days I was very tired, excessively. But the majority of my anxiety was gone by then.  Days 6-8 I had severe insomnia, it passed and by day 9 I had no racing thoughts before going to slep. Today is day 16. I feel better about my life circumstances. I have a 9 year old with Aspergers. I am no longer spending every waking moment obsessing over what will become of his future. My cognitve functioning seems clearer.  Have been able to keep up more with home chores. Still not as energised as I would like to be. Coffee makes me more jittery since starting the meds. I can now tell the differnce between caffeine jitters and my real anxiety though.
I am hoping that by week 6-8 I have even more clarity."
2380	1.0	This medicine absolutely almost ruined my life, to the point I was going to lose EVERYTHING.  It made me nauseous,  tired,  loss of sex drive , made me want to drink 24/7 all because I DIDN'T CARE ANYMORE!  I lost 2 jobs, because I had no desire to function basically.  I have been off it for 2 weeks now now and the side effects from coming off this medication is not bad at all.  I feel happy again,  a little anxiety but omg I'll deal with it the natural way. ...exercise or just enjoy my family again.  
2381	5.0	I started Lexapro the summer before my sophomore year of college and have now been on it for about 6 months now. It worked pretty well in the first month, my anxiety went down but after that it felt useless. We upped the dosage all the way from I think 5mg to 20mg by the end of the summer and still felt useless. I decided to continue taking Lexapro as I went back to college and I still felt like it was not working. I still felt really anxious and on edge all the time so I decided to go to the school's psychiatry center, which during my screening they told me that Lexapro is actually known for dying out over time. I stopped taking it and my anxiety is through the roof. Overall, it helped me but not as much as I'd liked it to
2382	10.0	Incredible medication. I don't wake up in a panic  anymore, whereas it was occurring almost daily before. The first few days for me were hell, but I just slept through the headache and nausea and dizziness and now it's one of the best things that's ever happened for me regarding my anxiety disorder and panic disorder. Reduced daily anxiety = less panic attacks. Lexapro is awesome.
2383	1.0	I have been on this med for 3 months. 10mg a day I can't sleep and I cry alot. My tightness in my chest is gone, but I still feel blah. 
2384	10.0	"I have been dealing with general and situational anxiety disorder and panic attacks on and off since college.  Tried Paxil and Prozac. Paxil made me gain 20 lbs. and Prozac increased my anxiety.  Lexapro works.

My advice: Try taking Lexapro for at least one week. The first week you will feel tired, dizzy, and mildly nauseated. Those effects disappear very quickly.  Do start at 5mg and slowly increase to 10 or 20mg. Ask you doctor to supplement with Buspar XL which counteracts most Lexapro side effects and further helps control anxiety and panic attacks. I don't recommend using Lexapro without Buspar.  Anxiety/Panic will gradually disappear over two to four weeks.  Use Ativan or other Benzodiazapines sparingly until Lexapro is working."
2385	8.0	I am a young and small person who was in search for a medication to control my depression but mostly my anxiety and OCD tendencies. I had tried Lexapro before also mixed with Buspar but it never seemed to fully do the trick; it felt like I was taking a pill and not getting much from it. Prozac has caused maybe a 5 lb fluctuation in my weight and it did decrease my sex drive for about the first 6 to 8 months but I feel that is just the amount of time necessary to get used to the new drug. This has been the only effective solution to my illness.
2386	10.0	For the past four months I have had terrible anxiety and multiple terrifying panic attacks per day. I was having to take more and more lorazepam just to get through the day. My doctor prescribed Lexapro. I was nervous because I had read such horrible things about the side effects and I really didn't want to go through it, but Lexapro has been great for me! The anxiety disappeared on the first day and I was more chilled out than I have been in years. I was weak and tired and had no appetite but that is all as far as side effects. I am very happy with how I feel and my anxiety free life!
2387	6.0	lexapro helped me tremendously, it basically saved my life. I was horrified before I started, because of course I went online to see reviews and the side effects but all I got was bad experiences but mine has been amazing. I feel so much better, so much more free, like I'm actually living again. I lost a little weight from it (which is a plus) and I feel great! I hope this helps for some people!
2388	10.0	Works great for GAD.  I fought my feelings for years and just toughed it out.  I found myself drinking to ease my symptoms.  The drinking helped turn my brain off for the night, but the feelings just came back the next day.  Finally told my doctor about my symptoms and was prescribed Lexapro.  Within 48 hours the anxiety was dramatically reduced, no excessive sweating, mind racing, etc.  This drug is a god send.  10 mg works best for me, tried 20 but couldn't feel the difference.  Now just have to deal with the drinking.
2389	9.0	This medication has been very effective for me. After years and years of living with anxiety and doing all the right things to get rid of it organically, I finally bit the bullet and started on 5mg. Decided after a particularly bad month of anxiety to start a script I had been given a year ago. Read reviews, most of them saying you need to stick it out to pass the side effects and get the full benefit, so that's what I did. I took the 5mg for a week, went up to 10, and have now been on it for 3 whole months. The initial side effects were as follows: nausea, sleepiness, memory deficits (short-term), headaches. Those went away after 2 months. And anxiety is gone. I am calm and collected, I no longer sweat the small stuff. No insomnia.
2390	9.0	So basically since I was around 20 (I'm 36 now) I've suffered from general anxiety and horrible panic attacks, really bad hypochondria. I've gone to the hospital thinking I was dying of everything. I graduated from an Ivy League college and suffered the entire time. Finally I decided to bite the billet and try lexapro (brand name not generic). I started at 10mg and had a week of terrible side effects including: depression, couldn't cry, weird feelings hard to describe, insomnia, increased anxiety, fatigue, all around shaky feeling. I couldn't deal with it so I started to cut the pills in half to 5 mg- side effects went away except I have increased libido (it gets annoying). No panic attacks. Still have anxiety a little tiny bit.
2391	8.0	I was diagnosed with anxiety after having several bouts of severe anxiety and many lesser episodes. On two occasions I went to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack. My Dr. prescribed Lexapro. I don't recall any of the issues other describe and after two weeks or so, I was feeling much better and only sufferred from a few smaller episodes. I have noticed that heavy drinking is a disaster while on this med and results in me feeling ill and panic. I have had no other side effects. I did run out for nearly a week once and did feel some negative feelings coming on. I do not plan to run out ever again. I have taken 10 mg since the start three years ago. Avoid heavy drinking!
2392	2.0	"Been on Lexapro for 2 days.  Horrible nausea, headache.  My husband asked the pharmacist about help with this.  She recommended an over-the-counter liquid called Ematrol.  Used by children and adults.  It helped.  Also sipped ginger ale as needed.  Feel very out-of-body, shaky but trying to stick it out as everyone seems to say the first day/week is hell, but then all is good.  Am continuing on Klonopin, per my psychiatrist's recommendation, until the Lexapro kicks in.  Will try taking it at night, as this seems easier to ""ride out"" the side effects through sleep."
2393	1.0	"Absolutely ineffective for my GAD....stuck with it for a year based on pdoc advice. Now I have to deal with tapering. What a mistake that has been. 

Additionally, I have tried several other ssri's as well as a few ssri's all to no avail. Suicidal thoughts, intolerable side effects, lack of any efficacy.  

Without Benzodiazepan's I would not be here now."
2394	1.0	I read these reviews which helped me to make a decision to take this med so I will add my experience in the hopes it will help others. I am 56, male and had two minor heart attacks 6 months ago. That and a very stressful job caused many sleepless nights and some stress and anxiety. My Doctor suggested lexipro a few times and I finally decided to give it a try. I was prescribed 10 mg and broke them in half as a trial so 5 mg to start.The first 2-3 days I felt no change but by day 3-4 the side effects kicked in hard. Nausea, severe hot flashes, fullness and tightness in chest, fogginess, very anxious feelings. I decided to stop after 6 days and was worried about any withdrawal but the day I stopped I felt much better. just my experience.
2395	4.0	I've been on Lexapro for 2 years. Just recently switched to Effexor and Klonopin. Lexapro never really did much for me. At first, after the 2-week adjustment to the medicine which was hell, I thought it worked. But it may have just been placebo more than the medicine. Had multiple serious near life-changing anxiety attacks while on Lexapro which is why I switched. I couldn't be happier for switching. If you have anxiety, don't waste your time with an SSRI. Also, I've stopped taking lexapro multiple times. It's not too hard, you get aggravated at everything for a few days, the brain shocks aren't nearly as bad as people say they are.
2396	10.0	On my fourth day now taking this and I feel so much better. The first 2 days were hell for me. Side effects just like everybody else says. I felt like I was dizzy, nauseous, and had diarrhea. It just made me feel strange. But by the third day I felt amazing. I still felt a little weird at first but the side effects wore off quickly and then and began to stop overthinking things so much. It's almost as if I just started to feel at peace with everything like I was just laid back which is not how I ever was. No more of that chest pain or heavy breathing or sickening nervous feeling. Even my girlfriend could notice a difference in me as I was not so wound up about everything. just happy I can feel normal again
2397	9.0	I encountered a bout of hypochondria when Doctors couldn%u2019t diagnose some pain I was having.  Slight worry turned into full-blown panic attacks and daylong anxiety.  With anxiety comes a bunch of physical symptoms and I was certain each one of those symptoms was more proof of me having some sort of undiscovered health condition, feeding into the anxiety.  My physician suggested I try going on Lexapro for 6 months and I was at the end of my rope so I reluctantly agreed.  Side effects were horrible but they went away and within 1 month of my first dose I was completley back to normal.  I've now been off it for 6 months and its like my entire episode never happened.  Lexapro saved my life.
2398	10.0	I love this medication! I have been on it for about a year and it has made my life so much better.  I had been living with severe anxiety and depression.  After starting lexapro, I had some side effects such as the weird dreams, nausea, dizziness, and increased anxiety.  After 2 weeks, I started to feel so much better!  I now have less anxiety and I have not had a panic attack in 6 months! It is amazing how great I feel.  Finally, I can live my life like a normal 24 year old!  My advice to anyone who is on this medicine is to stay on it!  It is worth it!
2399	5.0	I am 28. I have been on this medicine now for 6 months being treated for sever OCD and anxiety. In 6 months time I have gained 30 ish pounds, my Sex drive is gone, I can not sleep at night (horrible and weird dreams), and I still can not stop thinking of a million and one things before I go to bed (example: I need to make my bed, dishes done, kids set for the next day,)  I am tired all the time and I have no energy anymore for anything. I feel like I'm a different person. However I am not as bad with my OCD as I was before taking it, I am actually calm at night rather than worried if something will happen, I am just all around calmer. I am up in the air with this drug because it does seem to work but am I too calm. I am not really myself.
2400	8.0	"I just finished reading all these reviews about Lexapro, just prior I was reading all the reviews from people trying to get off Lexapro.. Crazy the things people go thru to get on this medication and then just as crazy the things you go thru to get off it. So what to do???? I have been on Lex for approx. 18 months my Dr put me on when there was a lot going on in my life and i told 'I had shopping cart rage"" :)  among others issues. I too went thru all the crap in the beginning and felt just stick it out. I did and I survived and things seemed better. fast forward 18 months later I thought my life has calmed down and I wanted off the meds. I also have Ambien and Xanax that I take ""as needed"" which isn't often. I ask my Dr about getting off"
2401	1.0	Don't try it, withdrawal is horrible. 5 days, no relief.
2402	5.0	I started to get anxiety when I went back to work. I was prescribed lexapro by my doctor and started 3 days ago.  A lot of the reviews say to keep sticking with it so I plan too. As far as the side effects, I get the nausea and dizziness but it's not so severe that I can't function. I do however, feel like I'm constantly zoning out and just staring out into space sometimes. I do notice I yawn a lot too and my lower jaw feels really tense all the time. Does anyone else have this problem? I'm going to keep sticking with this drug. There is such good reviews once the side effects subside and your body adjusts to it.
2403	5.0	I feel that this medication did decrease my anxiety (I have social anxiety) and made me feel less nervous in a lot more situations. I went on roller coasters and felt nothing for the most part. The only bad thing is that this medicine wrecked my sleeping patterns. I usually will wake up 7-8 hours after I fall asleep, but now I wake up maybe 10-11 hours after. I am sure that would be fine if I were 12, but I am not. I am so used to the way I have slept for so long that it feels pretty horrible to be such a heavy sleeper.
2404	3.0	I started 10mg lexapro 5 days ago for anxiety. I had been free from mirtazapine for about 9 days before starting. At first I though I had a tummy bug and stayed in bed the next day.... 5 days later and I'm still in bed and yesterday spoke with my doc who said to stop taking them. I was a complete nervous wreck... more than I had ever been without meds. Neither of the previous 2 meds (paxtine and mirtazapine) had side effects like this. This med is not for me sadly.
2405	10.0	I started having bad anxiety after I went back to work. I started on lexapro 5mg. I'm glad I stuck with it. Yes the side effects for the first 6 weeks were hell but after week 6 they ALL went away. I had every side effect too. But reading the reviews from people who said to stick it out it's worth it is what kept me going. After week 6 I went up to 10mg and was worried I was going to experience the side effects again. But nope no side effects. My anxiety is gone and I'm coming out of that black hole I was in. So please anyone reading this , yes stick with it! The start up side effects will go away. I had increased anxiety when I first started taking it but that too stopped. I am on the generic as well.
2406	3.0	"I've recently suffered a relationship breakdown. My anxiety eventually spiralled out of control to the point I walked out of my job, life &amp; all ""responsibilities"" to return home like a child.  OCD negative thoughts, inability to go 2 days without crying, constant fear of anxiety returning, weight loss and inability to sleep / function basically LIVE!! I was SO scared of the horror stories but at rock bottom there's nowhere but up right? I have been on 5mg for 4 days now. Taking it before bed. First night very nauseous, the next day feeling tired, teary &amp; ""distracted"". However, I have noticed a general improvement in my mood after 4 days. A good day yesterday and terrible today. BUT! I'm persevering. Thanks all for positive stories. :o)"
2407	9.0	I love lexapro. I started taking it when I was 14 from severe anxiety and OCD. My doctor basically begged my parents to put me on medication because I could not leave the house. I'm now 20 years old and about 6 months ago I thought I no longer needed the lexapro because I was feeling better. WHAT A MISTAKE. After the taper my OCD came back just as bad as it was when I was 14. So my Pdoc put me on prozac. It made me manic. I then tried Brintellix, again it made me crazy. So I went back to the lexapro and yes the start up side effects suck, headache, dizzy (that woosh feeling in you brain), upset stomach and brain fog, and every time I bumped  up the dose I had an increase in anxiety, but after 5 weeks I finally have my life back. Stick it out!!!!
2408	9.0	I'm introverted and suffered some depression and anxiety due to a recent IRS audit and personal problems at home , I landed in the hospital for 4 days after test on my heart etc everything cleared but stress and anxiety , I'm 40 and in good shape , Dr put me on Lexapro , first two weeks were brutal , emotional rollercoster and insomia, I asked my Dr if he was sure these were not estrogen pills. After two weeks I started to feel awesome , better then before I'm on my eighth week and lost weight , motivated to go to gym , tolerate my wife's extroverted friends , I feel better then I did my entire life , even before my depression issues , crowds and loud people go over my head nothing irritates me anymore , sexual sides I last longer win win
2409	10.0	I started on 10 mg of Lexapro in October 2014. I stayed on that dose for 2 months and felt horrible the whole time. Nausea, dizziness, diarrhea, severe gas, and more anxiety. I lowered to 5mg and finally started to feel like myself. Long story short, I raised back up to 10 mg in April 2015 and haven't felt this good in years. Most all side effects gone. I have it a 10 because I couldn't hardly leave my house before. I'm finally living again. It is a process, but don't quit and don't give up. Its worth the results to stick with it.
2410	9.0	I noticed pretty good results within two weeks- my general anxiety lowered significantly, but I still get frequent panic attacks.
2411	10.0	"Lexapro saved my life and saved my mind.  I have pure OCD and anxiety.  I tried other anxiety medications before and was ready to give up.  My primary doctor recommended I try Lexapro. I started off at 10mg and started to feel better after a month or two but was still having compulsions from my OCD (although much fewer) so I asked my Doctor to up my medication.  She put me on 20mg and I have been on 20mg for more than six months now.  My life has changed.  I have never felt so alive and so real.  I have never felt so sane.  I can function for the first time in ten years at the degree someone ""normal"" functions act."
2412	10.0	Lexapro is great. I started when my panic attacks and depression made me unable to function at all and I was too afraid to leave my house. My thoughts would race and I was just a mess. I started on 5mg for a week which was like nothing but then upped to 10mg and after 3 weeks I was beginning to feel less anxious and more stable. After 6 weeks I'd say I felt normal. I'm going to try come off them after being on them for a year and a half. I haven't had a panic attack in over a year so for panic disorder they work fantastically well. I've experienced no side effects with this drug.
2413	10.0	"This is the first time I have ever posted a review of anything online, but I feel an obligation to share my experience to other suffering with anxiety. I suffer from GAD which included panic attacks, muscle aches, and a horrible temper.  I avoided this medication fearing weight gain (as I already gained 10 lbs over the year) and sexual dysfunction.  When I explained this to my doctor, he replied ""Have you ever considered whether being anxious has caused you to eat more, drink more, and maybe have sex less often?"". I have been on Lexapro for 6 months now, and my only regret is not starting this treatment sooner. I have lost 15 lbs as I don't eat and drink as much anymore, and my love life has improved. Anxiety sucks. You don't have to suffer!"
2414	9.0	"I have suffered from mild depression/moderate to severe anxiety for several years now. I married for the second time January 2014 (blended family) which started to exacerbate all my issues!  Runaway thoughts of scenarios that ""might"" happen and how I would react.  Very emotionally unstable.  Tendency to over-react immediately to minor situations (plus the run away thoughts start....) and would physically have to calm myself down.  Easily irritated.
Finally went to my Dr. and she put me on 10 mg Lexapro last week.
The effects were evident withing 24 hours.  No immediate over reaction, run away negative thoughts almost completely gone....wow.  How could a little pill make such a huge difference?!?"
2415	9.0	"This medication was a game changer for me. 

After trying Prozac, Zoloft and Celexa with no effect I thought I was destined to have panic attacks for the rest of my life. Celexa even worsened my anxiety, causing my to go to the emergency room twice. 
At the time i started Lexapro, i was having debilitating symptoms, atleast 1 to 2 panic attacks a day with racing heart, racing thoughts, generally feeling like I was losing my goddamn mind. After a month of the Lexapro my anxiety began to calm, I have now been on it for 3 years and am relatively symptom free. I still experience heightened anxiety and the occationally panic attack but it is so much more managable and I am able to apply coping skills successfully."
2416	8.0	I had anxiety symptoms such as dreading work daily, and physical symptoms such  as lack of energy and almost a  dizziness feeling that would start a few hours into my day and continue until I was home relaxing. This medicine has improved mostly all of my symptoms, except for the occasion day that is very stressful. I would recommend to anyone, and cannot imagine going off any time soon. Hope this helps someone else.
2417	10.0	"Had extreme anxiety, panic attacks, couldn't ever sleep and excessive worrying.  Lexapro helped immediately I went from 10 mg to eventually 20mg it helped so much but I gained about 15 lbs.  I craved sweets and carbs all the time!  My Dr. told me to try to go back to 10mg but then I became very irritable, so I went back to 20mg for months.  Just last night I tried 15mg...Wow!  My appetite is normal, no food binges, no sleepy fog, no anxiety, and my energy already feels normal!!  It is only the first day, but I am hoping this dose is my permanent one.  Before Lexapro I was getting a lot of OCD type scary thoughts that would not leave my mind-made me feel like I was going crazy and now my Dr. discovered I have a genetic factor.
Lifer -Lexapro"
2418	9.0	I've had terrible anxiety and stress problems for a few years. I've been on this medication for 2 weeks and I can feel the difference all ready .. The first week was weird... Trippy . I'm on 10mg and I'm so happy my constant worry is going.. I'm free to live again
2419	10.0	I have had mild social anxiety and depression throughout my entire adult life, but as I quit smoking a couple of years ago, both the anxiety and depression ramped up to the point that they were unbearable.  I was afraid to leave my house, afraid to  go out in public, afraid of was what to come next, as my condition was getting worse day by day.  My doctor saw right away that something was wrong and prescribed me Lexapro, 10mg a day.  Ive never been a fan of taking anti depressants or any pills for that matter, but felt like had no choice.  During the six months I took Lexapro my confidence skyrocketed, I learned to be at ease in any situation and felt great.  Stopped after 6 months, but the anxiety nor depression never returned.  love it
2420	9.0	"I was terribly bullied in high school, made fun of my sexuality and developed an extremely high amount of social anxiety. I would shudder at the thought of going to school. I had lost hope.  Visited a psychiastrist. Was prescribed Escitalopram. The medicine did not seem as if it was working in the first few months. 
I was given anti anxiety medicines too so I always credited them whenever I felt better. However,  it has almost been an year and now I am only on Escitlopram. I realised I do not need to take any medicine at all because I am just soo confident. I realised that i am suddenly not at all hesitant to go for movies or anywhere
Confidence = restored and depression = forgotten."
2421	9.0	Please, please give it a chance to work. The first week my anxiety ramped up. A few days in I was so sick in the morning I was concerned I may be pregnant (nope, the meds did it). But the nausea subsided and the anxiety slowed down and at about 5 weeks in it was basically gone. Xanax helped, but I no longer need it now. Prior to this I felt like the walls were closing in on me. I couldn't focus and I was filled with terror and unreality. Lexapro made these symptoms go away. I don't have constant thoughts and I don't live 'in my head'. Please give it a chance. Stick it out, I promise it worth it,  if you felt anything like I did you deserve to feel better and it saved me from the looney bin. I have my life back. 5 mgs. to start and now on 10
2422	9.0	I am a 36 year old female. I have been on Lexapro for 4 months now, and It has definitely helped to change my life for the better.  I had crippling anxiety and depression, and finally went to the dr when it reached the point that I could not leave the house to go to work (some days) or even to the grocery store.  The first two weeks I took 10 mg/day and now I am on 20 mg/day.At first it made me sort of loopy and low sex drive but those things evened out.   I wish I would have started it sooner.  Please give this medicine a try if you have depression or anxiety.
2423	10.0	After many, many, many medications, this is the ONLY one that has ever helped!
2424	10.0	I have been on 10mg of Lexapro 3 days. Day one: I was really dizzy and couldn't keep my eyes open. Day 2: was awful. I kept throwing up a few hours after taking it. It felt like a hangover and flu mixed. Everything hurt. By the end of day 2 I noticed I wasn't spending my day planning, thinking, and breaking down tiny details. I was in the moment. It was a little boring at times but it was extremely refreshing. It was amazing to want to go do things without having to make sure everything was thought of. There were no rushes of chest pains. I felt like I should tell everyone how wonderful it was like not be consumed by thought. Day 3: light dizziness and sore muscles. light anxiety after an argument and a concert. I have very high hopes now.
2425	1.0	Made my anxiety even worse, was unable to make it past a couple weeks.
2426	10.0	"I had crippling anxiety for about a decade (childhood to early twenties). Panic attacks, social anxiety, and ""generalized anxiety"" were some of the titles I had gotten. Bottom line I couldn't interact with others, perform simple tasks, speak in public, make eye contact, the list goes on. I had HORRIBLE anxiety panic and depression for years. I developed a pretty serious drinking problem because I was not being treated for anxiety! I was suicidal and finally sought help. Lexapro 10mg at first. I didn't feel different the first month or so. You need to give Lexapro time! I am 100% a different person. People think I am calm, confident, and put together. I feel no panic. No irrational anxiety. It saved my life."
2427	1.0	Lexapro made everything worse for me. Had horrible side effects! Teeth clinching, headaches, zombie like, no energy, insomnia and horrible nightmares. Had to stop after 3 days.
2428	6.0	I've suffered from severe social anxiety and depression for quite some time. I was always terrified of going on pills and wanted to figure it out mentally. I always denied I needed help. It's gotten so bad recently that I struggle to leave the house. I'm only 17!! I went to the doctor and he prescribed me 10mg of Lexapro. I'm an emetophobic and one of the possible side effects was nausea so that was almost a deal breaker for me. I don't think I've experienced real side effects apart from difficulty reaching orgasm and headaches. My phobia makes me feel like I'm gettin side effects when I'm not- good old anxiety. Been on them for 2 days and am praying it gets better.
2429	10.0	Absolutely saved my life. After having severe facial pain for 3 months and not one doctor could diagnose me... I started have bad anxiety and depression. I was always that person that was so against anti depressants and anxiety medicine. My family kept telling me I needed to do something so I finally decided to take Lexapro! I have been on it for a little over 2 months and it was the best decision I've made. It has made me mentally relax and when any issues arise I'm able to think about it calmly and rationally, when before I would panic over everything. The first week the side effects were pretty bad, so make sure you take an anxiety medication with it.               (For 2 weeks -1 month) until the side effects disappear. Highly recommend
2430	10.0	Lexapro has given me my life back. Now I'm back to work, back at the gym, socializing, running errands - all things that for the past year I could not do. I feel more at ease with life in general and my depression has also lifted. My husband has noted that I'm much easier to get along with and in turn he is happier. I've tried other meds in the past but this has worked wonders for me. I started on 5mg then after 2 months I went to 10mg. No weight gain at all, sleeping better and smiling more.
2431	10.0	This med is amazing. 23 year old christian college grad with every type of anxiety for the past 2 years. Could barely go to class or the grocery store, felt dissociated, distant and terrified of people (including friends). Was scared to try any drug but after losing my job and needing to go out and interview I decided to try something. 3 days in and I feel totally changed. No anxiety. Clear head. Feel like I could even move countries to work and I've been out more in a weekend than I have been in 3 months combined. I take 5mg and 25mg of hydroxyzine to balance out the side effects (blurry vision, headaches, muscle spasms etc). Don't be scared just try it. I regret not going on this sooner.
2432	10.0	This med is amazing. 23 year old christian college grad with every type of anxiety for the past 2 years. Could barely go to class or the grocery store, felt dissociated, distant and terrified of people (including friends). Was scared to try any drug but after losing my job and needing to go out and interview I decided to try something. 3 days in and I feel totally changed. No anxiety. Clear head. Feel like I could even move countries to work and I've been out more in a weekend than I have been in 3 months combined. I take 5mg and 25mg of hydroxyzine to balance out the side effects (blurry vision, headaches, muscle spasms etc). Don't be scared just try it. I regret not going on this sooner.
2433	10.0	I have been on Lexapro 10 mg  for a year and a half for depression and anxiety, along with generic remeron 15mg as sleep aid. Last summer I switched to only generic remeron (mirtrazipine) and my mood started to go up and down.  The thing with lexapro is it takes away inhibition. That also includes being more impulsive. So be careful when upset. It also ramped up anxiety in the first couple of weeks  and drives you nuts. I am getting back slowly on lexapro for 2 weeks. I got a few anxiety crisis so I take half 10mg and will try to increase slowly. Despite this minus, this is the best thing so far. BTW, generic escitalopram sucks. Tried and doesn't do the trick for  me.
2434	10.0	Hi started this medication Cipro 2.5 years ago only 5mg. I had side effects to start including joint pain, Brain zaps, dizziness but it passed after 4-7 days and I have been back to myself working a full time job, driving again and living my life. Recommend it for sure.
2435	9.0	I've been on Lexapro for probably 7 years now. I've had severe anxiety, panic attacks, mood issues, EDs, and depression for a long time. Lexapro has helped immensely. I had side effects for the first few weeks (night sweats, felt tired, maybe increased anxiety at first) but I stuck with it and it's been my staple drug throughout these years compared to the 20  I have tried. I ultimately needed to add a mood stabilizer to get further relief, but Lexapro is definitely a huge help in that. I am on 10mg and Lamictal 50mg
2436	10.0	Within a week I felt an immediate change. I no longer obsess over tiny little details or let opportunities pass me by because of my anxiety. I feel like a normal person. Give it a chance!!!
2437	10.0	I had severe panic attacks for 6 months! I developed derealization and was scared of everything. I felt like I was living in a nightmare. I felt relief from Lexapro immediately. I was foggy headed at first but that went away. I feel amazing after 2 months of taking it. I feel like my old self again. The only side effect is dizziness at night sometimes. I only take 5 mg.
2438	9.0	On Lexapro 14 months now. I almost never want Xanax anymore, and I am sleeping better than I have since I was a teenager (I am 46). Two negative results: sex drive has decreased markedly, and I've had a 10% weight gain. But even with these two factors, I would never consider going back to the person I was before Lexapro.
2439	8.0	It is great to read all your different experiences with Escitalopram and it gives me hope that a lot of you have been able to benefit from this. I am only on Day 3 with 10 mg  Escitalopram (1st time on AD) and I really hope this will reducere my SA and GAD after 10 years of suffering
2440	10.0	Taking Lexapro was the best decision I've ever made!! I've struggled with anxiety and depression since I was a kid. I had never taken any medications for it until I was 24. The anxiety had taken over my life, I could barely go to work and I was up for most of my nights because my mind would be going 100 miles an hour and I couldn't get my mind to stop racing. I had a lot of social anxiety. Every single little thing would seem like such a huge task or issue. I felt completely exhausted all the time, all I wanted to do was sleep. After about 4 months of being it Lexapro I can finally say I am the happiest I've ever been! I've even started college which is something I thought I would never have the courage to do.
2441	10.0	Before Lexapro I was extremely stressed out for at least a year before taking it. Everything my boyfriend would do would cause me to snap. I would snap on family members constantly as well. If they were chewing too loud, whistling, or looking at me, I would flip out and yell. No lie here...within 2 days I had noticed a day and night difference. My boyfriend absolutely adores me now. I love who I am and I can't imagine life the way it was before. This medicine was/is a miracle to me. The only side effect I had was yawning often the first two days, but that went away. I love living life now and enjoy myself. I can't express enough how much it has helped. My life has taken an absolute 180!
2442	10.0	8 years ago I had my 3rd child, a healthy baby girl, and suffered from horrible postpartum depression.  My OBGYN put me on 10 mg Lexapro and after a few more terrible days and a trip to the ER I ended up in a psychiatrist office. He added mirtazapine to help me eat and sleep and in 2 weeks I was much better.  I was able to stop the mirtazapine and took the Lexapro for a full year. I am so grateful to those 2 Dr's who helped me crawl out off a very dark hole.  A month ago I fell back in and my anxiety kicked into high gear. I was barely functioning.  After 2 weeks my psychologist put me back on 10 Mg Escitalopram.  I am entering my 3rd week and feel much better.  This medicine has been wonderful.  Prayer   medicine   talk therapy.
2443	10.0	During a recent stretch of terrible anxiety which  crept up very slowly, I suddenly became incapacitated. I was in fear of everything and I couldn't function- AT ALL. I went to my doctor and explained the symptoms and he recommended Lexapro 10 mg. with Klonopin .5 mg. as needed. I took both medications and the Klonopin erased all the startup side effects of the Lexapro such as increased nervousness, insomnia, and poor appetite. As soon as the Lexapro kicked in, ( about three weeks) I was able to step off the Klonopin and have felt great ever since. Anxiety has been wiped out and sleep has improved. I feel 100% better. Don't give up, this medication WORKS !!
2444	9.0	"I didn't realize how bad I was until I took this medicine!  I'll start back: for seven years, I was either pregnant or breastfeeding and my mood deteriorated the whole time.  A year before I took Lexapro, I was almost done nursing my youngest and started to get awful pelvic spasms.  Then, once I finished nursing, I developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome.  After that, anxiety attacks.  My Dr. said, ""We gotta put you on something"" so I asked for something to help calm my stomach and nerve pain in my pelvis.  I started on 5 mg, then 10 mg 2 weeks later.  It's been 4 weeks and I'm seeing an amazing difference.  Pelvic pain significantly reduced, stomach eased, and I'm happier and the ""shakes"" and nervousness have lessened.  Still have some dry mouth, so be prepared. A !"
2445	10.0	Best medication ever. It takes a bit to kick in but once it does ....amazing.  I am on my way to getting my life back. Don't get discouraged it works. I was in my sixth week before i felt it and my doctor increased me to 20 mg and things are going great.
2446	9.0	I waited 2 months to write this because I was convinced it wouldn't work for me. Lexapro WORKS. Stick it out before giving up. I got much worse before I got better. I started at 10 mg and am now at 20 mg. In the beginning, my anxiety and obsessive thoughts got a lot worse, and when I increased my dose it spiked up again. But it finally passed and the difference is huge. I feel like me again, but me without crippling anxiety and constant obsessive thoughts. My periods do make it worse. My side effects of dry mouth, constipation, sleeplessness, heavy sweating all are gone now. And NO sexual issues for me. Oh, and don't be scared of the generic - that's what I take. Hang in there and give it time!
2447	10.0	I've been on and off Lexapro for 6 years. I got off it twice thinking I was completely fine and then a year later (both times getting off) my anxiety came back tenfold. I am back on Lexapro now and happier than ever. Many people are scared of being on medicine or asking for help but we are all made differently and some of us need medicines to live a fuller, more amazing life. Lexapro has enabled me to accomplish things I didn't see possible and allowed me to relax and enjoy life more! Everyone has their own definition as anxiety but to me if your anxiety is interfering with your every day life then try everything you can to remediate it. I have tried yoga, vitamins/ other homeopathic remedies and as much as I wished they worked, they didn't.
2448	10.0	"My Anxiety symptoms before Lexapro
I was always paranoid of people judging me and just wasn't myself because I always felt panicked.  I would socially isolate myself from friends and family, which then drove me into depression.  My anxiety inhibited myself from learning and grasping new knowledge because I was too anxious to even learn.  Even doing the smallest tasks (paying bills) would cause an overwhelming amount of anxiety.

Now (after 4 weeks on 10 mg)
- I'm mellow, feel confident. Someone I just met pegged me as an intellect! God knows how long anxiety has made me doubt my intelligence.  I'm able to do tasks easier, which has reduced my procrastination.  It hasn't completely reduced my depression, but Im thinking of trying 20 mg."
2449	10.0	"Before taking Lexapro I would be very uncomfortable around  people and I would become depressed because I continued to deal with mild obsessive compulsive disorder.  My job is also very stressful as I am a manager at an entertainment business and would obsess over my job so I would not miss any details.  I had no time for life outside of work because I would obsess over my job and ""worse case scenario"".  I am a 26 year old and when I was younger, around 17,  doctors would treat me with all types of depressive medications.  With negative outcomes, I decided young that I would not take any more medications and ""toughen"" it out.   NOW with events leading up to me taking Lexapro, I am a new person and I don't worry about little things any more.  The OCD is GONE!"
2450	10.0	"Before I took this medication, I had severe social anxiety. I would often stay silent because of hurting someone's feelings or I was afraid of embarassment. I constantly worried about what people thought of me. It was ruining my life. My doctor started me on Paxil but I couldnt take the physical symptoms. When I started taking Lexapro it felt like a huge weight was taken off of my shoulders. I could be myself again! I usually take it at night because it makes me a little drowsy. 
 Months later, I got a job working for a school near me as a bus monitor. I ride the preschool and high school buses to maintain safety and prevent bullying. Without Lexapro, I DEFINITELY would have not been able to be in that position before."
2451	9.0	I began feeling very anxious and getting anxiety attacks almost every morning. This went on for months and finally I told my doctor. She gave me a low dose of Xanax and it helped a bit but once it wore off, I had to take more since my anxiety returned. I asked my doctor to put me on Lexapro and I swear, it started to work almost immediately! I have been on it two weeks now and I've only had one minor anxiety attack, and every day I'm feeling a little better. I'm already feeling much calmer and more peaceful and I only take 5mg at night. My sleep is better too! The only side effects were nausea, and diarrhea (which are subsiding) and weight loss (which I don't mind). I'm feeling so much more hopeful now, and I had almost lost hope.
2452	10.0	"My experience thus far on this mediicne is absolutely life changing. I have never taken any form of medication in my life bar antibiotics on a couple of occasions, however when anxiety hit me out of nowhere I thought I was losing my mind. I could not think or function. I didn't have the strength to stomach food and was afraid all the time. I could not work and thought that living was becoming impossible. As a result of this I became depressed and the vicious cycle continued. I thought I would never escape this feeling. 

It all became too much for me after about a month and I went to my doctor a blithering mess. He prescribed me 10mg Lexapro and I regained my life. 14 days later I am back to normal and happy smiling. Get your life back."
2453	7.0	"I've had anxiety and panic attacks for many years.  I've tried diet and exercise,meditiation, herbs, and when I finally realized how many things I was missing out on with my family and friends I knew I needed to try medicine.  First I tried Buspar which offered no help and made me really dizzy. Next was Lexapro.  
    The first couple of days on Lexapro i noticed nothing. By day 4 I was really tired and had a headache. Day 5-6 was the same and I was very anxious and couldn't sleep.  By this point i am so tired I have to sleep late, sleep at lunch and go to bed early.  On day 8-10 my ears rang and I almost gave up. On day 11 I FINALLY started to feel better.  Waiting for 4 weeks to see full benefits, but the side effects DO go away."
2454	10.0	Lexapro saved my life. I was locked into worry, self-recrimination, and rumination.  I couldn't let go of the past and see myself in a good light.  Within a couple of days the anxiety lifted and I could finally SLEEP! I've been taking it now for 6 weeks.  In that time, I got a volunteer job that I love and I'm so upbeat. I'm grateful for this site because I read others' experiences which led me to ask my psychiatrist for Lexapro.  Thanks to the posts about taking only the brand name Lexapro (my psychiatrist concurs).  It's difficult taking medicines because with emotional/mental problems we feel out of control and taking a medicine that doesn't work makes us feel more out of control. It's worth trying until you find what works.  Don't give up.
2455	10.0	Lexapro literally saved my life.  I had such bad anxiety before taking this medicine.
2456	10.0	Male, 50, about 1 yr ago experienced sudden onset of debilitating generalized anxiety disorder.  Suffered 3 months trying benzodiazepines, Buspar, Wellbutrin and Lexapro 10 mg.  Settled on Lexapro 20 mg.  100% symptom-free in about 1 month.  After 1 year, tapered off about a month ago.  ZERO negative side effects from tapering and 100% recovery.  I'm not one to suggest a miracle but this is about as close as it gets.
2457	10.0	Been on Lexapro for quite a few years now. It helped me a great deal, my anxiety was out of control. I now lead a pretty normal life now. I would have been sent to the loony bin if it wasn't for Lexapro.
2458	9.0	I started Lexapro less than 3 weeks ago and I absolutely love it. I was extremely nauseous and threw up several time just hours after taking it my first week, so I started taking it an hour before bed (also makes me very drowsy so it helps me fall asleep). I am no longer feeling sick whatsoever. I have lost more than 10 pounds and have gained TONS of self-confidence. I highly recommend trying Lexapro.
2459	4.0	"Starting Lexapro was tough.  Shivering with stomach cramps, for a week I constantly felt like I had taken some bad, terribly impure Ecstasy.

Once I became acclimated to the drug, my postpartum anxiety disappeared; however, I was incredibly fatigued during the day.

I also stopped caring about most things in general.  My house wasn't as clean and creative endeavors came to a halt.  My short term memory declined.  It felt like my brain was muffled.

I experienced lucid, unnerving dreams/nightmares most nights while taking Lexapro.

I gained 8 pounds in the 8 months I took it, all in my middle.  It took a long time to get this off afterward.

Getting off Lexapro was also tough, with back pain, insomnia, and 10 days of ""brain zaps""."
2460	10.0	I was very anti-medication. I think people with anxiety often have a phobia of medication. This is too bad, because it can be a total life saver. After a year of anxiety and agoraphobia with hypochondria, I relented and tried the Lexapro. I had not been able to leave the house which was debilitating. I had very few side effects with the meds-maybe minor headaches. After 2 weeks I was able to travel. After 6 weeks I was able to go back to work. It has been two months and I continue to do better. I still need to work on some of the phobic situations, but have not had a panic attack in 2 months. It is a miracle medicine. I do hope I don't need to be on it forever, but for now I am so very happy I took the plunge.
2461	10.0	I have experienced horrible panic attacks and anxiety my whole life but went unnoticed until a major breakdown this summer. I was unable to sleep, had panic attacks at work and could barely function. I had thoughts of doom and my emotions were out of control. The anxiety lead to depression and it felt like my life was spinning out of control.  I have since sought help and am doing great on 10mg of Lexapro and 1 mg Klonpin for anxiety. My moods are also better, worrysome thoughts are under control.  I highly recommend this medication to anyone suffering from anxiety and depression.
2462	10.0	After trying to deal with my anxiety without taking medication for the past 2 yrs I finally gave in and asked my doctor for a recommendation. She prescribed me Lexapro the 1st 2 days were a little scary (especially after reading the 20 million positive and negative reviews) I felt more anxious and on edge than ever but my search results said that would happen and my doctor had told me I would get worse before I started feeling better so I figured it was normal. After the first 2 days I got the over anxious feeling, so I started focusing on watching out for any other side effects and just getting used to it. The constant yawning the 1st few weeks was just annoying but working out helped a bit. 1 month later and things are going better.
2463	8.0	I started Lexapro for major anxiety and moderate depression. I'm on 6 weeks and finally feeling better. I am more energized and motivated than ever. Because of my bad anxiety, I went from 5mg, to 10mg, and then to 20mg. It's been a long battle but I am feeling hopeful again and want to do things! The anxiety is still barely there. The depression is gone! I can't wait until I see the full effects at around 2 months.
2464	10.0	Lexapro is a lifesaver. Do not worry about the negative reviews, and keep in mind that the majority of them have been written by people who got off after days or a few weeks. Anxiety got a lot worse in the beginning. When it does, you get scared. Scared that the pills won't work. Scared that it will be like this for ever. But it DOES get better. For me, it really took a long time. I felt a very gradual improvement every week, and after about 3 months my anxiety was practically gone. I feel like a new person - it is amazing that a pill is able to do this. And for any emetophobics reading this: It helps against that fear as well. I didn't experience any nausea, but kept Reglan just in case. Sex drive lower, but able to orgasm. Life is good.
2465	10.0	I've found a lot of these posts quite encouraging.  I started taking Lexapro 6 to 8 years ago - 20mg and definitely felt it was a miracle for that entire 6 to 8 years.  I was really stressed and couldn't concentrate at work.  Sure, I still had stresses, but they didn't seem to be unmanageable. I was probably doing a little 'too' fine because I tried to get off of it about 3 months ago because I want to see if I could actually go without medicines.  BIG MISTAKE!!  A couple of life stressers recently popped up and sent my anxiety into overdrive.  I immediately called my Dr. to get my prescription refilled.  Currently on day 4 and battling anxiety and insomnia, but hopeful that the magic will return soon! I think I'm a lifer on this medicine!
2466	8.0	There are a lot of negative reviews about this medicine and it's side effects, and that makes a lot of people beginning the medicine, including myself, freak out. The people having a positive experience with Lexapro are out living life. Don't be discouraged. For me, Lexapro started working in the second week, but would work on and off for the first month. I started at 5mg and slowly went up to 15. I'm on week 5 and it hasn't done much for my anxiety (yet) but it has helped my moods tremendously. For the first month I had muscle aches and headaches, and I was really tired and unmotivated. That went away in week 4 and I'm feeling better than I have felt in two years.
2467	9.0	Life changing medicine for panic disorder and anxiety.  Zero side effects save for slight insomnia on days 1-3 and a bit of muscle weirdness and stomach pain (similar to ibuprofen) in week 1.  Most days I am a normal person now.  Still supplement with clonazepam for trigger situations on occasion, but most of the time I can focus on life without panic distracting me.
2468	10.0	"Lexapro is amazing. I was blind sided by a panic attack when I was 22. This panic lead to being anxious which lead to obsessive thoughts about feeling poorly, ultimately causing male depression (not sad but lack of lust for life).

It was a viscous cycle, I'd obsess over being anxious and this caused me to be more anxious. I had so a dozen symptoms ranging from dizziness to blurry vision to stomach discomfort. It just made no sense to me how all this was related.

Long story short, started Lexapro, first 2 weeks made everything worse that just as quickly as it can't the anxiety and obsessive thoughts were gone. Wow up one day and my mind went racing!

Would recommend and encourage people not to get discouraged if it doesn't work immediately."
2469	9.0	"Been taking Lexapro 10mg for 4 weeks now. It started to help a little after just 2 days. Now I have very few guilt feelings, nearly no depression, no suicidal thoughts, no obsessing over negative things. Not too much help with social anxiety, but does help anxiety around angry people.  Unfortunately, during PMS, it barely helps me, but once that is passed, I'm okay again. Makes sleep WONDERFUL and easy.
Side effects-sleepy off and on during the day, mild, treatable, headaches the first few days."
2470	10.0	I finally feel more mentally stable! I've been on this for a week and a half and I already noticed a HUGE difference like ...I'm in serious shock. This is like a miracle. I've been diagnosed with depression, and every type of anxiety. I am now more talkative, I have way more patience &amp; I just feel so happy. Like I feel normal. And I had little to no side effects. I did 5mg for a week then upped to 10mg three days ago and since I started all I felt was more tired but that went away in the first 3 days. The first day though I took a nap after I took it and I lost my appetite for the night and I felt a bit shaky for 2 secs but after that everything was normal.
2471	9.0	I have had anxiety all my life and I am now 63 years old. About 3 years ago my life spun out of control with generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder and I was not functional as a human being. I tried Buspar to start and it did nothing to help me then I tried Zoloft and I could not handle the side effects. Finally I got on brand name Lexapro which started helping me. Once I leveled off at 40 mg per day I resumed being my normal self. About a month ago I switched to generic escitalopram and now I am noticing I am not as happy and I am having anxiety symptoms again. I am going back to brand name immediately. I don't care what anyone says brand is better than generic and there is a difference.
2472	10.0	I've been taking escitalopram for more than a month at 10mg daily for my anxiety disorder. Last 2 years ago I took this for more 2 months at the same dose. Last Feb I had observed that my anxiety was back again so I started to take last month. Thanks to God I feel better again now after 1 week, although there is little anxiety but not so compared before. 
2473	10.0	Amazing! After only 2 weeks on Lexapro my life has changed dramatically I had deep depression &amp; severe anxiety! I only felt sick for 2 days &amp; everything changed I feel great no more racing thoughts &amp; finally have energy back. I've been into a shopping plaza, can drive anywhere &amp; most importantly can go anywhere without a fear something bad will happen. The only down fall it has for me is I now have NO sex drive, but if that's the worst I have to deal with I definitely think I'm winning.
2474	8.0	"All my life I've suffered from depression. Within the last year, severe anxiety came out of nowhere and I'd have about 2 or three bad attacks per month, on top of the multiple small attacks I'd get daily. ESPECIALLY in social settings. But even alone. I completely withdrew myself from my classes and my social life because of this. 

 I started going to church. Meditating, running, praying, dieting, yoga, and trying to practice mindfulness.The failed attempts worsened my depression.

 I wanted the anxiety to stop so bad that I frequently considered suicide.  Its been less than a day taking Lexapro but I'm so hopeful. Everything that felt like such a huge deal just hours ago are so minimal now. "
2475	8.0	Suffering from daily and day-long anxiety and occasional panic attacks, Lexapro 10mg definitely made a difference within less than a month.  I wasn't as anxious or worrisome all the time and my patience was much better. Because it's also for depression, I also found a change in my mood for the best.  Unfortunately, after a few months on it, I plateaued, so I guess.  I've tried weaning myself off very slowly in a span of 3 months at least 3 times.  Each time, I get the brain zaps, which can be a bit cool but gets annoying.  After a few days of that comes the manic psychosis.  I get so ramped up and irritable and argumentative...it goes away within 24 hrs of taking a dose.  SO here I am, still taking it.
2476	8.0	I had taken Buspar after my initial diagnosis and it had actually made it far worse. After switching to Lexapro, I can make it whole chunks of time (mostly three to four weeks) without having panic attacks. All the women and most men in my family suffer from generalized anxiety disorder and we're all on Lexapro with various dosages. My sister is in treatment for Hepatitis and those medications cause her anxiety and depression to worsen but Lexapro has helped. I also get strange problems with my vision and my ability to think clearly and problem solve when I'm in withdrawal from it (Our pharmacy sometimes screws up and I have a three day period of in refills).
2477	10.0	I take Lexapro 10mg in the morning and trazodone 25-50 mg as needed for sleep. This combination works really well and has helped turn my life around with my depression and anxiety.
2478	10.0	250lbs, 6'2, male.. Am taking 5mg Lexapro for about a week, and either it is this or the Lamictal (100mg), but I've experienced reduced anxiety, I was wondering if it just reduces the Anxiety or also reduces the symptoms because I still get pounding  and increased heart beat, my blood pressure is usually 20 points high, I take Lisinopril and used to get 120/80 , now I get 140/80 with the lisinopril, Lexapro and Lamictal. Other things I've heard is if you go off Lamictal cold turkey, you'll get seizures. I'm staying on 5mg, I figure if the dose is upped, it overloads the system and is maybe what leads to tolerance, so I'm staying with a small dose until I feel ready to up it.
2479	10.0	I've been on Lexapro for two months now. The first 4 weeks I had very minor side effects. Dry mouth, dilated pupils, etc. VERY minor and only lasted 2 days each. Two months later I can tell you this medication is amazing. I suffered from very periodic anxiety which turned into panic attacks on some occasions. It was always in the back of my mind as to if or when it was going to happen. That's no way to live. I feel focused with clear thought now. I still laugh and feel every emotion...I just don't worry about things like I used to before Lexapro. I'm happier and have a more positive outlook on difficult situations in my life now. I find myself being much more social now too. Miracle medication for sure!
2480	6.0	I've been taking Lexapro for a week now to help me keep mellow like jello. I'm not taking anything else. I work 3rd shift. So my nights are days. And days are nights. This makes makes me extremely sleepy by the end of the week. I have only been on it for a week. This last Friday after I got off work. I fell asleep in recliner from 8:00am to 1:00pm got up ate a bite. Went to bed. I woke up to go to the bathroom a few times. But didn't get out of bed till 11:00pm Saturday. I have not left my bedroom, or ate anything. I don't feel like doing anything or going anywhere. I will be calling my doctor Monday and talking to him about how it makes me feel. 
2481	9.0	"I've been taking Lexapro for about 2 months now.  I have suffered from social anxiety all of my life and finally went to the doctor to get help.  It was the best thing I ever did.  I now can function and feel normal.  I didn't have any bad side effects from the medicine and have been very pleased with the results.  My day to day life is not filled with me avoiding many situations and I now feel ""normal"".  I never expected this medication to work.  My only regret is I didn't get help sooner."
2482	10.0	I used to be on 200mg of sertraline but after 12 years on this medicine I started having severe problems with anxiety after a good friend's death, this eventually led to a near breakdown 3 years later when my anxiety became so bad I could barely function.  My Dr suggested I switch to escitalopram.  I was terrified of making this switch &amp; put it off for weeks but eventually decided to 'take the plunge'. 4 days later and my anxiety levels are already reducing HUGELY! I wish I'd taken this sooner &amp; can't believe how easy the switch was. I literally stopped taking my 200mg of sertraline one day and started taking 20mg of escitalopram the next. This stuff's a life saver!
2483	10.0	I love Lexapro! It helps me stop drinking, lose weight and I have way less anxiety now. For all those people that have sexual dysfunction, try taking it at night right before bed, after sex. I have no problems in that area now!
2484	9.0	Good but gave me runs and gas.
2485	9.0	I suffer from hypochondria and panic disorder. I was so afraid to take medication. After 2 years I finally took Cipralex. It has made my anxiety a lot more tolerable. I've had a few major panic attacks but overall good experience. I've been on 20mg for 2 years.
2486	10.0	"I am a 26 year old who has had anxiety since I was a child. I've gone through rough spots on and off throughout my life where I would feel extremely anxious and nauseous all of the time. I finally decided to do something about it when I started experiencing panic attacks on top of it all. Lexapro along with seeing a psychologist saved my life. I went into this knowing there is no ""magic"" pill out there - I still have good and bad days like everyone, but NOTHING like how bad I felt before. When I initially began taking the medicine, it made my anxiety worse - I told my doctor and he adjusted the dosage to a smaller amount. I felt tremendously better in just about a week, and have continued to feel better and better."
2487	10.0	"I am a 30 year old female who has suffered from depression and anxiety my entire life and it got worse after I had my daughter.  Two years after she was born, I couldnt take it anymore and I had to get help.  I talked to my doctor and was put on Lexapro, 10 mg.  I hated it at first.  I was dizzy and ""swimmy"" feeling, couldnt sleep, couldnt eat, felt out of it, couldn't care less about things that were going on.  This only lasted about a week!  Then, I could gradually feel myself getting used to it.  My next appt, my dosage was upped to 20 mg (he started me on 10 because he wanted to ease me into it knowing I was a mom and worked full time; i still needed to function).  Let me just say that Lexapro SAVED MY LIFE!!  I love it and swear by it!"
2488	9.0	Life saver for my anxiety
2489	10.0	"Worked wonders for stabilising my mood - and my ability to leave the house! Been taking it for about two years now. only thing I find is it starts to 'wear off' after a few months. My doctor has me come off them for a month and then go back on when this happens and I find this much more effective than upping the dose. 
Main side effect for me has been insomnia. A small price to pay for the huge positive impact Lexapro has made on my life."
2490	3.0	I got sick from it, diarrhea. I started having ear trouble and started hallucinating.
2491	10.0	I have been on 10 mg of Lexapro for about 6 years.  I am so thankful for this medication.  I am a crying weepy mess without it!
2492	9.0	I've been taking Lexapro for 2 months now for depression and panic attacks, which seem to come from nowhere (and I've never truly understood how scary a panic attack could be until that moment). It has helped me tremendously! Suddenly this last week the side effects which had seemed to taper, have returned. I have the addition of a headache (which I did not have in the beginning) and irritability. I'm also noticeably more tired than I was before. I am now taking the Lexapro in the evening instead of in the morning to help with sleep - but am curious if it is normal to have the side effects go in waves? It seemed as if they were mostly gone except for the lethargy, now they are increasing.
2493	10.0	"If you're suffering, you need to fix you! This medication is the most important thing to ever happen in my life. I went from a nervous, neurotic, obsessional wreck, to calm, cool and in-control dude - and I only take 5-10 mg (I'm 6' 4""). Over the last seven years, I've taken it on average 1-2 months out of the year - only when needed and never more than 6-8 weeks. I prefer not to be on anything, but when my health and business decline because of my mood, I immediately break the safety glass and reach for the Lexapro. And if for some reason Lexapro doesn't work for you, work with your doctor to find the right medicine so you can feel better. (I've tried 6 different medicines, we all have different chemistries - never give up."
2494	10.0	"I was prescribed Lexapro about a month ago. Initially I was sleepy all the time but I took it at night and now the only side effect is difficulty reaching an orgasm. I love this medicine! I was having several panic attacks a day and since being on 20mg/night I'm back to myself! I'm going to continue. It's like my own ""Happy Pill""."
2495	10.0	I have had some difficulty with anxiety and depression. I started taking Zoloft in January after a family crisis triggered my anxiety. I was on Zoloft for 8 months, but it stopped working and was making my jaw tense and causing me to grind my teeth.  My doctor switched me to Lexapro, and I started at 5mg.  I stayed on the 5 mg until my follow-up appointment. The 5 mg starter dosage was not very effective for me. This is my 3rd day on 10 mg of Lexapro. I feel like my old self. I don't shovel food into my face or feel bloated like I did with the Zoloft. I have my old sense of humor back. So far, I have not experienced any sexual side effects, but I noticed that Lexapro is causing a small amount of facial acne. Thumps UP!
2496	8.0	I have been taking Lexapro for approx. three months, 10 mg/day. It has helped a great deal to reduce my anxiety and depression. I still have good days and not so good, but rarely fall back to where I was (sounds like many people on this have experience the same). I agree it has some side effects, but when you consider the benefit, its well worth it.
2497	7.0	I was on Lexapro 10mg and Abilify 10 mg for about 5 months, and overall it helped with my anxiety. I didn't feel as stressed at work and school, but it kind of made me a zombie. I haven't cried in 5 months, and I hardly feel any emotions. Which I guess is good for people suffering from depression. It completely killed my sex drive so I went to my doctor the other day and switched prescriptions. Currently withdrawing from this medication and it sucks. Getting light-headed and dizzy and vomited a lot the other day.
2498	7.0	Definitely improving my life. I'm less stressed at work and life with the kids is easier.  Some social settings (crowds) still bothersome, but I'm getting there. One of the pages I read warned about caffeine intake, they weren't kidding. I cut out caffeine and it lessened my mood swings.  Please read about interactions with other medicines when you start something new, it makes a difference!
2499	10.0	Not every medicine is for everyone, but as one who has tried most of the major pharmaceuticals for major depression, panic attacks, severe anxiety and anxiety related bouts of obsessive compulsive disorder, I can tell you Lexapro is the only medicine that I've been able to stay on and be effective for my mental well-being...it is the only one I've had no side effects with. Other SSRI's have either: made me more anxious and/or depressed, dry mouth, BAD weight gain, or extreme fatigue making me into a walking zombie during the day. I've been on Lexapro 6 years now taking from 20 to 30 milligrams each day. During the months with the most sunshine, 20mg is effective. During months of winter, I have to bump it up by 10 mg's. I supplement with 4000 to 6000 IU's of D3 daily
2500	7.0	It helps with anxiety but actually causes depression for me. Plus, I've gained weight, even when on a starvation type diet. I'm slowing weening myself off, down to 2.5 mg a day, next  week I'm stopping completely.  I just want to have a clear head, instead of feeling like a zombie.
2501	10.0	I have been on Lexapro for three and a half years- it has completely changed my life, my moods, my behavior and my reactions to life for the better. I noticed an improvement within. 24 hours after starting Lexapro.
2502	8.0	"I've been on Lexapro for under three weeks now and it's been pretty great so far. I suffer from severe general and social anxiety and also depression. 
I started on 10mg for the first four days, then upped to 20mg on the fifth day. 

I noticed slight results after day four and to this day the over thinking and gut wrenching anxiety has been lessened. I have no depression anymore and it's close to impossible to care about stressful situations.

I'm well aware it can take up to two months for Lexapro to fully take effect, however I feel the positive benefits already.
Definitely something worth a try! Especially if you have anxiety and depression that is out of control. 

Besides the side effects, which are slowly fading away, Lexapro is great"
2503	10.0	I never comment on these this but I feel this website sharing positive experiences helped me a lot. I had my first panic attack two months ago after a night out. Weeks of having 3-4 panic attacks a day and massive levels of anxiety followed. I tried to carry on with life as normal going to work, etc. and started CBT, which helped me establish it had started due to increased stress from work. I struggled to get on trains, tubes, eating in restaurant's, shopping...pretty much every day to day task. When I was put onto Cipralex and for the first four weeks I had high levels on anxiety, headaches, disassociation, tight chest, chest pains. Now on week 5 on Lexapro I am feeling much better and can do everything I did before with only low levels of anxiety.
2504	9.0	(escitalopram)
2505	9.0	When I first started this on 10mg, I had bad sides. Insomnia, crawling skin, heart palpitations and shallow breathing. I think a lot of it was in my head and from reading too much about side effects. My doctor wanted me to go back on Celexa but I had already been on Lexapro 3.5 weeks so I asked my doc if I could stick with it. He bumped my dose up to 15mg and its now been 2 weeks on 15 mg and it has helped ALOT with my anxiety and panic attacks. I can now actually function at work. Give it a chance. I'm no doctor but for me it took over 4 weeks. It worked! Hang in there.
2506	10.0	About a 1 yr ago I had a very bad allergic reaction to shellfish were I thought I would die. I was with my husband &amp; my 5 yr old son in a restaurant when it happened. They rushed me to the hospital and later that day I went home just to come back 5 more times not knowing that they were panic attacks and a lot of anxiety. They gave me 1 mg of Ativan and I felt normal soon. I saw a Psychologist and a psychiatrist too and they told me I also suffer from phobia and its sad because I don't know what to do.
2507	7.0	So far have been on Lexapro for 4 weeks (not counting the first week of weaning off Remeron and onto Lexapro).  Generally, I think I feel better as a whole, but know I have to give it more time.  Unfortunately, this has NOT helped the anxiety I experience every single morning which makes me cry, and have actually had to take more Ativan than prescribed to stop the trembling inside.  Will be talking to my doctor soon because something's got to give.  I don't want to try anything else after 4 weeks and go through new side-effects, and most of the comments on here are very favorable if you stick it out.  Guess I'm going to try to stick it out for another couple weeks.  I wish people could comment on these comments instead of in the Questions and Answers forum.
2508	8.0	Lexapro helped me in many ways back in 2009. I suffered with anxiety for awhile before I sought professional help. After many exhausting trips to urgent cares and emergency rooms, it was time to address my anxiety head on. After a trip to an urgent care in San Diego, a doctor prescribed me 10 0.25mg of Xanax. He said I should try it out to help ease my anxiety. Xanax worked wonders but I knew that it wasn't safe for long term use. I eventually got a new prescription from my primary for a 30 day supply of 0.25mg of Xanax. I used it very sparingly and it took almost three months to finish the 30 day supply. My anxiety was still horrible and I was becoming too reliant on Xanax. I needed help fast! That's when Lexapro changed my life.
2509	7.0	"Lexapro has finally provided stability to my life after about 6 months. I still have a long way to go and alot to do before I feel ""Recovered"" but the medication has definitely helped with my anxiety."
2510	9.0	I've been on it for 5 years and my life is a lot different then it would have been without it!
2511	10.0	Lexapro has changed my life! I no longer have anxiety attacks, and I have control over my emotions. I wish I had started taking it years ago!
2512	10.0	About a year ago I lost 8 pounds in 1 week, two pounds more the next week. I couldn't sleep and constantly felt nauseous. My doctor ran every test under the sun and came back with only one conclusion:  panic attacks and severe anxiety. After I got past my initial thoughts of thinking he must be a total idiot, I asked for Lexapro.  I did 5 mg the first week, moving up to 10 the week after.  As my MD warned, the anxiety initially increases, so keep the Xanax handy. Two weeks into it I started having longer and longer periods of normalcy. Then, on week three it's like it suddenly stopped and sent me into a tailspin right back to where I started from. My Pscyh told me to go to 20mg because I didn't have quite enough. Worked like a charm!
2513	9.0	"I have been suffering from anxiety for about 1.5 years.

I am a big believer in natural medicine and psychotherapy. I have tried EVERYTHING .
I exercise daily, I eat healthy, I take vitamins I tried meditation, vitamins -You name it.
The anxiety started when I began dieting for a body building competition I lost about 10kilos and got down to a small amount of body fat. At this stage my periods stopped and I stopped producing estrogen and progesterone. I always told my mum and close friends it just felt like something inside me was 'missing'.
I've been on Lexapro for 2 days and everything has changed. I can't BELIEVE it and I cannot believe I've wasted 1.5 years feeling that bad. You don't realize how bad it is until you feel relief."
2514	10.0	Lexapro saved my life pure and simple. I was 42 years old and worked many years in the financial industry. One night before I went to bed right after X-mas, I had a severe panic attack and for three months I suffered unbelievably. I tried dieting, meditation, vitamins, exercise, you name it. Nothing worked. I first tried Zoloft but the side effects were awful. Next I tried Lexapro. Side effects were bad for 2 weeks and then after a month, anxiety reduced by 80%. Still have some but 100% better than before. Another key is to meditate, eat right, exercise and connect spiritually. Lexapro for the brain and meditation for the soul!
2515	9.0	I've suffered with extreme anxiety and moods swings daily, fatigue and depression and I can tell you two weeks on Lexapro and the difference is like night and day. The anxiety improved about 2 days in and almost all sides are gone on the 8th day. The first week is the worst with tiredness and increased anxiety and moodiness and nausea but the benefits are worth it completely, I can now tolerate stress so much better. Tips: Always take it after breakfast and it prevents nausea. No problem with sleep so far for me.
2516	10.0	This medicine is great for anxiety, but within first month noticed weight gain and has increased significantly over past 10 years, cannot seem to lose weight only lost 5 pounds on extreme diet/exercise.
2517	10.0	It saved my life! I can't say enough good about this medication. It ceased the panic attacks in a few days. I highly recommend this medication.
2518	9.0	Lexapro is a double edged sword for me. I can finally live, now that I have it, free of anxiety. However, I can no longer live without it. I have tried numerous times to wean, all to no avail. So far after about 6 years of use, my labworks are still all fine and normal. Hopefully this will never change.
2519	9.0	My doctor prescribed 10mg Lexapro for severe anxiety about 5months ago.  The first 4 weeks were really rough as the side effects almost caused me to discontinue the medicine. By the 4th week, I had insomnia.  I couldn't sleep for several days.  I felt like I was on speed.  So, I cut the pill in half and the next day I felt a difference.  I've been on 5mg for the last 4 months. And, I must say that it has changed my life for the better.  I no longer have those negative thoughts or bouts of anxiety. Its amazing.  The only side effects that continue are: clenching of the jaw and weight gain due to an increase in appetite. If you take Lexapro, give it 4 to 5 weeks to work before giving up. Best of luck.
2520	10.0	"I suffered from anxiety disorder for 5 years without knowing what it was and after seeing numerous doctors and undergoing numerous medical tests and scans, it all came to naught. The symptoms were very vague and debilitating such as overall weakness, trembling, dizziness and even the simplest chore of lifting a pen results in strange feelings in the body. 
Finally a doc gave me Lexapro 10mg and my life was saved!
Since then I have taken Lexapro (6mths) and stopped and it has relapsed twice and the longest time I survived without Lexapro was 1.5 yrs. Now I believe I have anxiety disorder and need help and Lexapro really helps."
2521	8.0	Being in the army the stress level is always there day and night. Then one day bam hit me like a bullet, got real dizzy, light-headed, heart racing. In reality it was an anxiety attack. Out of all the stuff I've been through this is the one that scared me. After, I ran to the docs at the hospital they gave me Lexapro. Been on it for two months now and I feel fantastic. Still a little tight in the chest and small heart beat skips but still on track and loving it.
2522	9.0	I took Lexapro for 14 months, on 10mg for 12 and then 5mg for two. The month after I came off it was hell; anxiety returned. I was prescribed it after a severe panic attack where I became severely overwhelmed by life effects and I wasn't responding to talk therapy so it was felt by my doctors that the depression was more clinical and needed a chemical to lift me out of it. Lexapro brought to the fore my issues with alcohol as it mixes really badly with alcohol so it made me finally curb my drinking. Lexapro made me forgetful and unable to remember the word I was looking for mid-sentence or sometimes I'd say weird things which had never happened before. Overall it helped me make the positive changes I needed to get better so it did work.
2523	3.0	"First, the positive. I've suffered from anxiety my entire life. This medication helped tremendously in that it was under control while I was on it. If you suffer from anxiety, you know how wonderful this can be.

The negative. I gained 20 pounds quickly that I couldn't get rid of. I decided to get off of the medication because I was trying to get pregnant. The withdrawals were really bad. I had brain zaps non-stop, couldn't stand up straight because of dizziness and extreme confusion. Now, keep in mind I tapered myself slowly off this medication, per doctor's orders. It took 5 months before I wasn't experiencing these withdrawal symptoms. Horrific."
2524	9.0	It worked but was just far too expensive.
2525	10.0	After dealing with generalized anxiety for most of my life, I suddenly began to have severe panic attacks. After 2 years of suffering in silence, I addressed this problem &amp; my general doctor gave me Lexapro and I began with 5mg daily. The side effects included drowsiness and frequent yawning. BUT, finally after 2 - 3 weeks I felt like a %u201Cnormal human%u201D again and still suffer from absolutely NO side effects. After 2  months of taking this medication (I have stayed on 5mg/daily), I am back to my productive and excited self. I have been able to do almost everything again and have not suffered from any panic attacks since I began the medication! STAY STRONG and HOPEFUL!
2526	8.0	I am a mom to two sweet, high energy toddlers that challenge me every minute of the day. I did start feeling on the edge and extremely stressed with my older son. Now I have been on Lexapro for almost two months and so far I like it- feel more patient and calmer, but not a Zombie. I was very scared to gain more weight on top of my remaining pregnancy weight, but actually I started losing weight since my appetite decreased. I hope it continues. I am on 10mg. The side effect- super low libido and possibly feeling a bit more tired. If that's all I am going to experience, I will stick to it for for another 5-6 months. Overall it is way better than Celexa or Zoloft for me. Good luck!
2527	10.0	"Phenomenal. No impact on sex drive in fact it has improved!
Before Lexapro I tried Zoloft and Lovan with no success at all.
"
2528	10.0	I had mild anxiety and was having a difficult time controlling it. I felt overwhelmed and out of control, although I looked fine on the outside. I was prescribed Xanax for panic attacks, but was having to lean on it too much to curb my anxiety so my doctor put me on Lexapro. It's fabulous--my Xanax is practically untouched since the Lexapro kicked in. It took about three months, but then I looked back and realized I hadn't been anxious in months. I feel like the 'old me'. Side effects - had jaw clenching the first few weeks, which was really weird. But it went away. Now the only thing is if I forget to take it, I'm a mess! I feel very confused and the world doesn't feel real to me. Take it at the same time each day and always have some on you.
2529	10.0	Hey Everyone! I am going to try and make my story short. I am 26 years old and did not know what anxiety or an anxiety attack was until I turned 25.  I was driving to lunch one day and for no reason at all it hit me. I felt as if I wasn't in control of my own body. I felt like I was going to pass out at the wheel, my heart began to race and my arms and legs went numb. I drove myself straight to the ER. The doc told me it was an anxiety attack. After that first attack I could not leave my house for two weeks in fear that I would pass out or lose control. I was then put on Lexapro, the first two weeks I felt the side affects..AFTER THAT A true BLESSING!! NO ANXIETY OR ATTACKS IN 2 WEEKS! I FEEL LIKE ME AGAIN!
2530	7.0	My experience with Lexapro has been a positive one.  I've been on it after my social anxiety became intolerable and I'd hit the lowest low of my life -- had a few anxiety attacks and was doing horrible at work.  I wasn't able to keep anything straight, was disorganized, forgetful, anxious, irresponsible, irritable. I felt high anxiety in making simple decisions, writing, communicating, asserting myself, the list goes on. I started Lexapro and it took a solid 2 months for it to really start working effectively.  At that point, I became much more calm (much less anxiety), organized, together-with, and punctual (qualities I had never achieved before in my life!). I've started to eat healthier, work out, work harder, and have joined some social clubs. Success!
2531	2.0	I was less upset on this medicine but much much more anxious. Tried 5mg-20mgs and different doses didn't change the anxiety levels.
2532	10.0	Lexapro has changed my life. I am now able to participate in so many activities that my anxiety wouldn't allow me to do prior. There is side effects. I don't sleep great and have crazy dreams. Dry mouth, skin and eyes is noticeably worse. Sexual feelings came back after a few months. Plus have more gas and stomach upset. But even with the side effects, my life has greatly improved.
2533	10.0	"I was prescribed 10mg for 2 weeks, then up to 20mg. Originally prescribed for anxiety, I also suffered from severe depression.

Within 3 weeks, I could see an improvement. My crying stopped, things were looking better! 

Been on for 2/3 months now, and I feel amazing! Back to my old self. I love this medication!"
2534	10.0	Not a zombie, but no sexual climaxes anymore.
2535	8.0	I started 5 mg two days ago and I feel better already. No more sweaty palms or burning forehead due to high anxiety! I take it in the morning so I am able to sleep at night. I tried Zoloft and Celexa and could not take either one for more than two days! Horrific side effects for me! I pray each day gets better and better! This is my first time taking an antidepressant. I highly recommend for people with anxiety! Good luck
2536	2.0	Gained about forty pounds, became more depressed, slept all night and half the day, was always tired, getting off of it was horrible. I had headaches weird feelings like I wasn't even there, weird pains.
2537	10.0	"Having started a business in a high stress field, I experienced episodes of stress and anxiety that interfered with my sleep, ability to concentrate and that began to manifest physically with chest pains, headaches, etc.

The first 10 days were a nightmare.  I had a terrible spike in my anxiety and stress levels.  I considered bailing on the medication and even my business, but my wife pressed me to continue.  After 10 days I started to see an improvement.  The anxiety improved and so did my mood.  By day 14 or so I was transformed.  I completely stopped having anxious thoughts.  My entire demeanor changed.  I am now like Teflon- stress does not stick around for more than a few minutes.  This medicine was a lifesaver and my business is great."
2538	8.0	"To make a long story very short, I've been struggling with perfectionism, chronic stress, anxiety, compulsive thinking, depression (Especially with nightfall)  and a fear of sleeping.  There has been a wide variety of physical manifestations such as Irritable bowel, fatigue etc..... So over all it's been a real nightmare.  

The 10mg dose of Lexapro was to high for me and I had a bad reaction my first time.  I'm now on 5mg and so far it's relieved just about all my problems but my memory is clouded, takes more time to orgasm and I space out a lot.  To have the most success with feeling better you need to also make an effort to change your life.  Just keep that in mind."
2539	9.0	I was diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. I had crippling depression, could not sleep, eat, get out of bed or interact with anyone.  I cried uncontrollably and did not know why and if that was not enough I was having frequent panic attacks (more than one per day). My PDoc tried several meds and Lexapro 20mg is the best.  I also take Clonazapam 0.5 mg, and Wellbutrin 10mg for sexual side effects.  For the first time in my life I feel normal, having never felt this way before.  I do not like the sexual side effects so that is why my doc prescribed Welbutrin. It doesn't seem to make any difference.  I am drowsy and forgetful and lack motivation. I will ask my doc if a withdrawal from Wellbutrin or Clonazepam will will help.
2540	10.0	Completely removed my anxiety! I had panic attacks every single night prior to taking Lexapro and after the first few weeks of the Lexapro getting into my system, the anxiety has stopped altogether. I've never felt better in my life.
2541	1.0	The brain chemistry is altered and the brain takes a long time to right its self again back to as it was, in my case two years. So my advise, if you think you wish to withdraw, do it very very slowly i.e. over 4-8 months, expect withdrawal symptoms to last for months %u2013 maybe 3-4 before you feel okay, not 2-4 weeks, and most of all learn to accept yourself as you are. 
2542	10.0	I was very much against taking medications but I am so glad I stepped out of my comfort zone.  Lexapro saved my life and my sanity.  I was suffering from very bad anxiety which just got worse and worse.  I didn't know what it was at first so I spent a lot of time and money going to all different doctors trying to find out.  Finally after researching anxiety and enough people telling me that is what it was I gave in and took this pill.  The first week is horrible and the side effects are bad but luckily my doctor warned me and said just make it through the first week and you will be okay.  By the second week the side effects faded and I was back to my old self (before anxiety) but even better.  Don't hesitate to take this, I wish I took it sooner!
2543	9.0	I have severe anxiety and panic attacks. I have been on Lexapro about 4 different times. I never learn my lesson.  After 6 months or so I think I am doing good enough to wean myself off and within 6 months I am back in the ER with a severe panic attack. I should just stay on it. This time around I started on 5mg and then bumped it to 10mg after 3 days. I am on day 2 of 10mg. I finally feel some relief. I have not left my house in a week- trapped due to panic attacks and today I was able to walks dogs and go to the store. Thank God there is something like Lexapro out there or else I would surely be in a mental institution.
2544	9.0	After a stressful event in my mid 20's I experienced full-blown anxiety.  I had hypochondriasis to be exact. I thought I had every serious illness you can imagine.  I finally hit rock bottom when I was missing a ton of work due to panic attacks and endless doctor visits.  My doctor prescribed 10 mg of Lexapro.  I decided to cut the pill in half and only take 5 mg a day.  Such a small dose and it made a huge difference! It was a miracle that saved me from a very sad life of constant fear. Since taking the 1st pill, I never experienced another panic attack.  I am happy to report that I came off the medication a year ago and I am still anxiety free. I highly recommend it.  I had severe severe anxiety and all it took was 5 mg a day to fix it.
2545	9.0	Lexapro saved my life. Be patient took about 7 weeks before I started feeling better. Started on 5mg, went up to 20mg now taking 15mg for the last 12 months. It cleared my thoughts and calmed me down...a life saver.
2546	10.0	Been taking 20mg per day of Lexapro for 15 months now. Was diagnosed with anxiety and slight depression. Would have panic attacks and hyperventilate. Took about 4 weeks to see full effect. Was given Klonopin as needed until Lexapro kicked in. It has made me feel so much better. I have not had a panic attack in a year. I can actually get out of bed in the morning now. At first it would make me very tired when I took it but that stopped after a few months. It made a huge difference in my life. Did not really have any side effects. A little weight gain but I would rather have that then have panic attacks.
2547	3.0	I'm on day 2 of taking Lexapro and it's causing unpleasant side effects. I don't have an appetite, a slight headache, nervousness, and stinging chest pain along with stomachache. My doctor told me to stick with it because the benefits outweigh any issues right now. He also said that they will go away in 2 weeks or so.  I'll continue to take and update my progress.
2548	8.0	"I was experiencing some awful symptoms such as chest pains, shortness of breath, and heart palpitations.  Even though countless tests showed I was in great physical condition, I found it very hard to believe that such things could simply be caused by anxiety.  I guess I'm a believer now!  I am on 10 mg Lexapro and the difference 2 months on this medicine has made is fantastic.  When I once feared I would be crippled by these anxiety symptoms, now I can barely even remember them.  I'm feeling like ""me"" again.  Side effects included digestive problems (went away after a week or so) and insomnia (countered by taking Lexapro in the morning).  SO RELIEVED!"
2549	10.0	I'm male, 59, suffer from anxiety and panic attacks. It took a month for this medicine to kick in.  STICK WITH IT. I sweated like anything at night for the first 3 weeks but that stopped. I wake up briefly at 3:00 or 4:00 am (A side effect) BUT it is totally worth it. Previously I had knots, big suckers, in my stomach for nearly a year. I used to worry and then look for things to worry about and then initiate my flow chart of worry. No more. A positive side effect is Lexapro. Can also impact/stop obsessive compulsive disorder behaviors too (like counting this and counting that) I also was under-weight forever and have gained weight. A negative is a diminished ability to ejaculate - but again -so what.
2550	10.0	Miracle worker.  Took about six weeks to start fully working and the side effects were not so pleasant at first.  Now taking 20mg daily, I have no side effects and feel great.  During the first few weeks taking it, I would have extremely good moods that almost seemed imaginable and then I would go back to feeling sad.  Then eventually that went away.  One negative about Lexapro is that my stomach isn't as strong as it was before and a lot of foods bother it.  All I can do is eat healthy and take pro-biotics.  VERY HAPPY with Lexapro.
2551	9.0	"This medicine is a life saver.  I was diagnosed with anxiety/panic disorder in the spring of 2011, and I was on 30mg for a year.  The only side effect I had was lack of sex drive/ability.  Because of this, I weaned off it, and all of my anxiety and panic attacks came back.  I was miserable for about 2 months until I went back on it.  I've tried Zoloft, Remeron, and Wellbutrin, but Lexapro is the only one that worked for me.  I had zero panic attacks on Lexapro and enjoyed life.  I am currently back on 10mg and will be moving up to 20mg shortly.

Everyone's experience differs with these kinds of medicines, but my advice is: stay on it.  The first few weeks might be rough, but as long as the side effects aren't terrible, give it time."
2552	10.0	My story is really long and complicated. I was originally on Xanax and all it did was make me sleep. Switched doctors because my original doctor wouldn't switch me off the Xanax. New doctor prescribed me Lexapro. I was upset at first because I didn't feel I needed it, I thought Lexapro was an anti-depressant and I wasn't depressed.. About a month after I started taking the Lexapro I felt amazing! But then I lost my health insurance so they put me on Paxil. I miss my Lexapro! It was the best.
2553	10.0	I have never taken the time to actually write a comment on these types of things, but this is worthy of it. I had never dealt with anxiety until I became pregnant. I suffered with the worst anxiety and I was MISERABLE. I had panic attacks that sent me to the ER..I was too scared to drive, missed weeks of work and literally did not leave the house. I suffered through it until I had the baby. After, my doctor put me on Lexapro. After a few weeks, I felt 100% better. I can't begin to explain the change I had felt. I was able to do things without thinking the worst of everything. Before I started taking it, it depressed me because I thought I was going to feel that way forever and always have to deal with anxiety. Now, I live a normal life!
2554	10.0	"Incredible medicine. Took maybe 4-6 weeks to kick in though, but when it did, WOW. I was having a panic attack every morning and was relying on a benzodiazepine to live a normal life. 

During the best of times, it has completely muted my anxiety. Sometimes I still get slightly anxious, but it's like the volume is turned way down. Have had maybe one ""panic attack"" (if I can even call it that, it was so mild) since it kicked in. 

I'm happier, calmer, and more balanced. Only side effect was slightly disturbed sleep for 2 days when I started (and for a day or two after I increased the dose), and increased anxiety on the first day. I'm on 15mg and I couldn't be happier."
2555	9.0	Have had mild anxiety issues since early 20s. Spiralled downwards with increasing anxiety after an injury that made me unable to work. Tried mirtazapine with temporary relief, but got worse again after a few weeks and before starting Lexapro anxiety was so bad that I was unable to work and that leaving the house resulted in panic attacks. Started Lexapro on a Friday. Felt absolutely terrible until Tuesday. Nauseous (relief from Reglan though), heavy anxiety, buzzing feeling in body. Then improvement came very gradually and very slowly for the next weeks. On week 8 now and honestly feel great. The crippling anxiety that was present 24/7 is gone and only on occasions do I feel it, only much milder and never in the form of panic attacks.
2556	3.0	It has alot of side effects that bothered me. I could not concentrate, I stayed tired all the time, I forgot alot of things at work, I just felt lost all the time. My sex drive was gone. My symtoms of anxiety were gone but so was everything else. I gained alot of weight also while taking this medication.
2557	10.0	I have very few side effects. This medication is helping me for depression and anxiety. I fell a positive difference after 4 weeks.
2558	8.0	"I've been taking Lexapro (10mg) for about a week for general anxiety and mild depression. It's taken the edge off already, particularly on the anxiety side. I am more productive at work and more open socially, without even noticing until afterwards.

Side-effects have been mild: physical jitteriness, a lone bout of diarrhea and an odd sensation in my skin. I can best describe that as feeling like being in a hot, dry climate but without the sensation of heat - tight and tingling. No sexual side-effects so far.

I was on Zoloft a few years ago for more debilitating depression and the side effects with that were much worse, so I feel very positive at this point."
2559	4.0	Been on and off anti depressants for 10 years (still can't believe it). Tried Paxil and currently take 10 mg of Lexapro.  Still do not feel well.  I find running helps me more than anything but I fear the day the running is too much. I'm 40 and in otherwise good health, but I feel pretty lousy almost every single day.  I am happy to read about people doing well on medication, but all I get from it is dizziness/lightheaded.  Still optimistic about one day looking back at this nightmare in disbelief.  Until then.
2560	10.0	It has helped in more ways than you can imagine. I am not 100%, but pretty close to be my normal self.
2561	10.0	I was on Lexapro awhile ago, but stopped taking it.  Then my anxiety and panic attacks started coming back, and the doctor wanted to try me on Zoloft.  I experienced horrible side effects, and it made my anxiety worse.  I said I didn't want to take a medicine that causes me MORE anxiety!  I asked if I could PLEASE go back on Lexapro, it had a couple of side effects but nothing like Zoloft.  This is my 3rd day on it again, and already I can tell a big difference.  I would rather take medicine to make me feel normal again than try to tell myself I don't need it.  Because it's not worth spending life depressed and anxious over everything.  I would definitely recommend trying it, to improve the quality of life for an anxious personality.
2562	9.0	I have been on Lexapro 5mgs, 10mgs and 20mgs over a period of 6 years. 10mgs daily seems to be the best dosage for Generalized Anxiety Disorder. Many people don't realize that it takes 4 to 6 weeks for this medicine to work. The first 3 days I felt very good and then felt tired or depressed for a couple days. Taking Lexapro with Klonopin 0.5mgs (2x daily) helps those early stage side effects.  20mgs tends to increase aggressive behavior. After about 5 weeks I found myself to be more confident in activities and less concerned about what others would think of me. My side effects are, short term memory loss, difficulty falling asleep at night, lower sex drive, but longer Stamina when engaged in sex.
2563	2.0	This helped me talk some and I was enjoying life more, but I was so angry!
2564	8.0	Lexapro helped me a lot with my anxiety disorder / ADD symptoms ... The only thing is that Lexapro alone was not super effective for me, but when combined with Adderall and Klonopin it works amazingly -- none of the three medicines alone worked particularly well, but all three together work extremely well for anxiety, ADD and insomnia.
2565	7.0	I am a 26 year old female.  I started Lexapro 10 mg a week ago.  I have experienced nausea, dry mouth, headaches and fatigue.  Rated it a 7 because I don't think I have been taking it long enough to notice any huge differences.  I do feel maybe slightly more calm and a little less blushing.  Here's hoping things get even better!
2566	9.0	On the 25th I was on day 3 and feeling awful and yes, it was like having a bad flu, vomiting, shakes, anxiety at an all time high because I wanted to feel better and the sickness just made me feel that I never was. But now day 6 and like the first time, I'm glad I stuck with it as I feel just great today and feel 'normal' so the side effects are very hard but it is worth it in the end.
2567	8.0	I started taking lexapro for anxiety associated with over analyzing everything.. parents separating.. and getting engaged. The side effects the first couple of weeks included nausea, dizziness, headaches and wide awake feeling at night. The pros: took away the thoughts running through my mind.. blushing.. helped even out all of my emotions.  The CONS: I stopped lexapro in December  before I wanted to get pregnant and 1 week later I had a massive migraine (never had one) and lost my ability to speak.. see.. it was awful.. rushed to the ER thinking I had a stroke.. everything came back fine. Just remember if you plan on getting off before pregnancy.. give yourself a good few mths. The withdrawls are a NIGHTMARE!!! Dizziness, nausea.,headaches
2568	2.0	"I've been on this pill now (10mg) for 3 weeks. My anxiety has reached an all time high and I'm hardly able to get to work and function. Wake up every morning sick in the stomach.

Not sure if its normal and gets better or if its just not for me.............."
2569	8.0	I have only been on Lexapro 10mg for 5 days, but already my anxiety is better. I am a 16 year old, 5'8 female, 280lbs. The side effects were pretty bad the first 3 days or so, nervousness, increased sweating, nausea, headaches, etc., but I'm definitely starting to feel better. One positive side effect is that my appetite has decreased dramatically. Sometimes I have to make myself eat, and I can't eat as much as before. Of all the side effects, I hope this one stays!
2570	8.0	I have been on Lexapro for about 2  years now for anxiety disorder.  Works great, still have nervous moments but much better than I would be without it.  Only downside is MAJOR fatigue, can barely stay awake during the day.  Going to try switching it so that I take it at night instead of the morning, but if that doesn't work I'm going to need to change prescriptions.
2571	9.0	I was prescribed 10 mg a day for anxiety/panic attacks. I'd never taken any sort of SSRI before. I took one pill and it scared me, I threw up several hours later and had the worst panic attack of my life. But I don't know if that was me, or the pill. So two weeks later, I chopped it in half and have taken 5mg everyday for the past 6 months. It has completely turned down the volume of anxiety and paranoia. I may never be able to go off of it. I have not had weight gain, anorgasmia, or decreased sex drive. I love it. I can live my life, it has taken that fog surrounding everything away. If you are super sensitive to medications like me, I encourage you to start with the lowest dose possible.
2572	9.0	When I became pre-menopausal I developed increased anxiety, panic attacks, heart racing, etc. My doctor recommended Lexapro. Within 1 week of taking this medicine I noticed a difference. I became calmer, easier to live with and all my anxiety symptoms disappeared. Literally got my life back. This is a miracle.
2573	10.0	Lexapro is wonderful! I suffer from generalized anxiety disorder and was put on Lexapro about 5 months ago. I started with the 10mg does, but now taking 20mg. It took about 5 weeks for me to notice this medicine was working. I have not experienced any side effects so far and have actually lost weight since I have been on Lexapro. Instead of me being edgy, uptight, panicking, etc. I am now HAPPY and CALM! Lexapro is really a miracle.
2574	9.0	I have only been on Lexapro for 2 weeks now for my anxiety and depression. I also have a temper problem, the medicine so far helped my anxiety and got me more active but my anger has got worse. Maybe it's too soon to say if this medicine will help that. But overall I'm starting to like not having the anxious feeling anymore.
2575	10.0	If you are experiencing any symptoms of PMS, PMDD, or pre-menopausal symptoms, you may want to consider Lexapro. It has made such a significant change for the better in my life. I was beginning to think there was nothing that could help me or my husband and then a co-worker suggested Lexapro and I am so grateful she did. No mood swings, hot flashes, irritability and no more cold hands. My hands would get so cold and the rest of me would be going through a hot flash so I could never get comfortable but since I've been on Lexapro, none of the above mentioned symptoms are a problem any longer.
2576	10.0	46 YO Male 195lbs with 10 weeks Use: Suffered from anxiety and surely some depression due to prolonged anxiety. Started with 10mg at bedtime. No show-stopping side effects. My side effects were: anorgasmia, tinnitus, constipation, yawning, muscle tension in my neck, lower spine and stomach area, weak erection (initially), some lethargy and having to urinate in the night. At 10mg, anorgasmia was overcome after 14 days and at 20mg dose it took ANOTHER 35 days. I feel happier, more patient, less obsessive, and with reduced anxiety. Side effects now are: mild tinnitus, mild muscle tension in stomach and nightly bathroom run. My advice: Be VERY patient and get your brain chemicals stabilized before you worry about the sex. Your body will adapt again. I'll use it for life. Good luck!
2577	8.0	I'm a 30 yr old female. Recently I got promoted at work to a more stressful and pressured role, I also found out that my partner of 12yrs has been having an affair. I've turned to therapy and Lexapro to help me through this time. I've only been on it for a week and have already experienced an improvement. I started with 5mg, will move up to 10mg in a week. My issues were-social anxiety and mild depression, I'd say my anxiety has decreased by 60%, psych said that I takes 3-6weeks for it to really kick in, so can't wait. The worst part for me was my doctor started me off on 20mg and for 2 days I had extreme anxiety and moderate depression, but I read through some positive posts and decided to soldier on with it and am so happy that I did.
2578	1.0	It's not for me at all. Last night was the worst night of my life, it started about two weeks into taking Lexapro my friends and family said that they noticed changes but I felt more depressed than I have ever felt. The next two weeks into it I started feeling really off balance and trembly. Then last night happened, without warning, without a trigger, as I was trying to fall asleep I started getting lost in my head. I was forgetting how to think and I was forgetting words. It terrified me. 
2579	6.0	I first took Lexapro some 4-5 yrs ago for anxiety. I don't think I was depressed just had a lot of anxiety through stress and if I drank, and I'm not talking a lot, a few beers, I would wake up all edgy, not hungover, pure anxiety, but I was feeling like that quite often.  It definitely worked right away and the anxiety ceased.  I eventually stopped taking it because I felt I didn't need it anymore.  4-5 years later, I was going through some serious depression.  My wife at the time suggested perhaps I go back on; this was definitely depression, much more than anxiety.  Anyway, it was disastrous!  The minute I started taking it, the depression got worse!  The Dr. told me to try to get through it for a week or two and I just couldn't.
2580	9.0	I'm a 33 year old male and have been on Lexapro for a little over a month now. The first day I felt like I drank tons of coffee..I felt good but wired. Then I felt tired all the time for the next following weeks. But for the past week or so I have been feeling awesome, more confident, talkative, happier but still very sleepy. It's great because I actually sleep the whole night but its so hard to wake up. I get to work late sometimes. I tried switching to taking it midday but by 7pm I'm ready for bed. I'm still happy and love it but the drowsiness and yawning are irritating because I want to do more with my evening.
2581	10.0	Took about a month to work and has helped immensely.
2582	8.0	Lexapro worked great for anxiety, but I gained 45 pounds while on this medicine for 2 years.  It made me constantly hungry.
2583	10.0	This medicine was a blessing. I was put on medicine for severe anxiety as well as helplessness/depression which was situational. Only side effect was tiredness which was fine and my sex drive is more active than before.  I am now off the medication but it definitely helped during the hard time in my life.  Because of a good doctor that listened and a combination of counseling...I am better!
2584	9.0	I had a rough time last year.  I was diagnosed with a terrible illness and it took me months to recover both physically and mentally.  And, to add insult to injury, I was a new mother.  I honestly lost myself in anxiety and sadness and refused to believe I needed medication to get back to myself.  But with therapy and a six-month trial of Lexapro, I came back to being me.  I had some nausea at first, but it subsided within a week or so.  And, when it was right for me to come off the medication, I did it under a doctor's care - gradually.  Lexapro worked for me by helping me focus on both on cognitive therapy and on moving on from the trauma.
2585	10.0	"I was diagnosed with adjustment disorder (with anxiety). When big changes happen in my life, I get panic attacks and severe anxiety. I have been on Lexapro twice now, for a few months each time.

Side effects: Initially, this medicine makes my anxiety worse, irritable, very sleepy, increased sweating and hot flashes. Luckily, these side effects have disappeared after about a week of taking the medicine.

I take 10 mg of Lexapro. Side effects appeared the first day I took the medicine. The anxiety started to subside after a week. Anxiety disappeared after 2 weeks on 10 mg. No problems weaning off the medication.

I love this medicine. It gave me my life back."
2586	9.0	I tried Lexapro because I was very high strung, was easily angered over the most minor incidents and was always worried about everything. Was hoping for any sign of relief. I didn't really notice any significant improvements in the first few weeks but I'm on the fourth month of taking it now and what a difference. It's not like a light bulb went off and I completely changed. I still get angry and worry but it goes away easily. You just don't care as deeply as you used to. For me it's worth it. I wouldn't call it a miracle but it most definitely takes the edge off. I am thrilled with it.
2587	7.0	I hope this helps others because I rarely leave feedback. Please stick with Lexapro if you are having side effects. They will subside. I am only on day 9. The first week I experienced increased anxiety, dilated eyes, gastrointestinal issues, shaky and sweaty hands. It's not nearly as bad now. Before starting this medication I was experiencing anxiety that blew up quickly, it started happening at night, which effected my sleep, which grew to chronic insomnia for 4 months and that led to me becoming depressed. The longest streak I had of no sleep at all was 6 days straight. I found out that insomnia was a symptom of anxiety/depression. I still have insomnia but its slowly getting better as the medicine gets in my system.
2588	10.0	"I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder at 16. I was put on Xanax and Lexapro 20mg. After getting married and the birth of my second child we moved from NJ to FL. I was off Lexapro with both pregnancies. I moved 2 FL AT 25 WITH A 19 MONTH OLD AND 8 WEEK OLD! Post partum depression hit me hard. I went to a MD and requested Lexapro 20mg and Xanax 3mg/day. I have tried many many many other SSRIs due to cost of Lexapro. They all made me feel MORE nutty even Celexa, Lexapros ""brother"". I ALWAYS wind up back on Lexapro. This is a miracle for me! I feel calmer within 24 hours and I can't make myself anxious if I tried. I sleep sound and am happy and a better mother. I love Lexapro and despite the price and 10lb weight gain. I'm 5'9 n 140 lbs."
2589	1.0	I requested this medication from my PCP for some mild-moderate anxiety.  I heard wonderful things about it and didn't think twice when I started taking it. I took it for about a week and it was the worst experience of my life.  I had tremors, insomnia, couldn't eat, spasms, restless but didn't want to do anything.  I wasn't depressed in the least prior to starting this medication but after the second dose I felt a depressed.. it was unbearable.  I was then prescribed Prozac and had a similar reaction. I lost 15lbs in 3 weeks. 
2590	5.0	Was on Lexapro back in 2009 and it helped me a lot. I had a lot of stress and minor depression. I went off it a few months after I started because I felt so good, and that was a bad idea. I recently started taking it again and as of right now I'm going through some bad side effects. I normally don't feel bad at home but I'm stressing out. Can't eat, have a minor headache and I'm anxious as well. I hope this feeling ends soon.
2591	9.0	I started taking Lexapro about 6 years ago for anxiety and social phobia. It worked wonders with few to no apparent side effects. Its not a cure but has helped me manage my condition better than other medications I have tried in the past. It does get me a little sluggish every now and then, but the benefits outweigh the minor side effects. The main down side is the cost. Being that is not covered by insurance and no generic available I'm forced to switch to Celexa. My doctor okayed to try the switch and I've read decent reviews by people who use Celexa for anxiety.
2592	9.0	I had irritable bowel syndrome for 6 years and in the last 3 years it was preventing me from having a good quality of life. I was too anxious to do so many things because I couldn't trust my body to hold it together for any length of time. I tried hypnosis, mindfulness and naturopathic treatments but then asked my doctor about SSRI antidepressants. The first few weeks are awful but stick with it. I was in emergency because I had a panic attack and thought I was dying. I am now on 15mg Lexapro. It has been 3 months and this is truly a miracle. I feel totally normal and feel every emotion except I just think and ruminate less. I don't obsess anymore about leaving the house-I just leave. The drug has also been constipating for me, which after 6 years of irritable bowel syndrome is incredible. Highly recommend. 
2593	2.0	Was put on 10mg Lexapro for general anxiety.  I was on it for 5 days and just had to stop. Horrible anxiety, feelings of depression I have never had before, absolutely no appetite, migraine, bad dreams, falling asleep at work while getting more than enough sleep at night, forgetful in my everyday tasks, overall hazy and strange feeling.  Will go back to Ativan and will never take an SSRI for my anxiety again-not worth it.
2594	10.0	"I am a female, in high school, 5""9 210 pounds. I had been dealing with anxiety for my whole life. I went to a therapist and it helped a little but it wasn't enough to make a dramatic difference. I finally decided to go to a psychiatrist and got diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder, and I also suffer from separation anxiety, some OCD, and social anxiety.  I went on Lexapro 5mg for one week then went to 5mg in the morning and 5mg at night. I have been on that dose for over a month and am night and day from how I was. I am finally the happy go lucky relaxed person my dad says he knew existed deep down. I have no complaints other than wishing I had started it years ago. I noticed a difference after one week. I recommend it 100%."
2595	9.0	I have struggled with severe generalized anxiety disorder and social anxiety my entire life and now, at 24, I am just starting to realize how much it has affected my ability to live and enjoy life. I was started on Lexapro while overseas and suffering from depression due to the cold, rainy climate. I cannot tell you how much this medication has changed my life. I am now getting to know the confident, relaxed person that was hiding underneath my anxiety. I am only on 5 mg/ day but I have found that dose to be effective for me. Anything over 5 mg and I start to feel side effects like fatigue and marked decrease in libido. 
2596	10.0	I have suffered from anxiety my whole life but it never got to the point where I felt like it was ruining parts of my life. Then both of my parents got sick and out of nowhere I could barely eat, go out and everyday felt like a battle. I was prescribed Lexapro and at first I was so anxious to take the medicine that the first week of taking it really spiked my anxiety. After about 10-14 days I felt amazing! I could eat again without feeling like I was choking on everything and I felt like my old self again. Actually like a better version of my old self. I would strongly recommend this medicine to anyone suffering from anxiety. Just know that it takes a little while for it to work and the first week can be terrible. Just stick with it!
2597	9.0	"On my 7th day of Lexapro I developed a rash on my arms and was alarmed, especially when I read about the possibility of rash being a side effect of the medication.  With my doctor's guidance I treated the rash as a contact allergy (detergent, etc.) and kept taking the Lexapro. The rash came back one more time but never again.  Lexapro did not give me the sudden weight loss, dizziness, visual ""trails"", nausea, etc. of other SSRI's I had tried before (Prozac worked for me, anxiety-wise, but the side effects were a bit much... Paxil resulted in extreme dizziness and was stopped after only a few days).  I find Lexapro worth the extra money and recommend it even to people who may have had bad experiences with SSRI's before."
2598	1.0	Was only able to take it till the 4th day due to the severe side effects. Lost all energy, couldn't eat, head pain etc. I think my body just has a hard time tolerating antidepressants.
2599	8.0	Had to put up with 1 AM awakenings for the first few months on this medicine but it is good from anxiety/social anxiety.  No other side effects and seems helpful. 
2600	8.0	"Lexapro really helped me to feel more like myself. After a long time battling a ""mystery"" disease, I was debilitated, I couldn't function in my normal life, and was feeling just very strange. I decided that I would go to a psyche, and he prescribed me Lexapro. It really seemed to help. I eventually stopped taking it, and have been pretty much okay for the past 4 years or so, but now the symptoms are flaring up again, with some additional stuff so I am going through the medical rounds again to make sure there is nothing underlying. And if there's not then I'm going to suggest that I get back on Lexapro because it really did seem to help me! I didn't have any side effects with it that I can remember. It really worked well."
2601	1.0	Well I have to say I have be debating on trying this medicine. Then I gathered up enough nerve to try it and, 1st night I took did not sleep very well and the following day I just felt so out of it, It was caused for concern at my job. I can honestly say, in my case the side effects are far more worse than my anxiety.
2602	9.0	I am a 27yr old female, 115lbs. I have been on Lexapro for 2 months now for anxiety. I have never had any problems with anxiety until I started working full-time (a lot of hours that are non-stop) and I started planning my wedding. All of this made me very irritable, stressed to the max, edgy, worried about every little thing, and just not myself. Since I've been on Lexapro I've been back to myself and better. I'm relaxed and easy going through this stressful time! It took a few weeks for the medicine to kick in and for me to get over a few side effects (insomnia, constipation, tired in the afternoon) but it's totally worth it.
2603	9.0	I started on Lexapro 5mg November 2010 due to bad depression, anxiety just really bad, so went on it after seeing specialist. Upped my dosage to 10mg March 2011 and stabilized out, not up not down like normally off medicines. Back to 3 times a week exercise, no grog or eating benders anymore, lost 8 kgs (only another 6 to be back to my perfect weight) sleep better, helping me relax more in social situations as have bad GAD social, so keeping on it - no side effects - takes a while to level out so persist with it and give it a decent go.
2604	9.0	I've been on Lexapro twice. The 1st time started in the fall 2008. For some reason at the age of 42, I began having dizziness, anxiety, and panic attacks. I was diagnosed with GAD and prescribed 1 mg Ativan for use as needed in the short term and 10mg Lexapro for the long term. Within 3 weeks I increased to 20 mg Lexapro. Within another 3 weeks, my anxiety had all but vanished and I quit Ativan. My racing thoughts and worries subsided. I was able to sleep better at night and concentrate better at work. No weight gain either but I exercise regularly. I stayed on Lexapro for 1 yr. No problems getting off on a tapered schedule over 3 months. In spring 2011, anxiety returned due to marriage issues. Back on 10 mg Lexapro with same great results.
2605	7.0	I have been on Lexapro for about 12 days (never been on anything like this in my life). I am very sensitive to the medicine. I can take about 2.5- 5mg. I have some shakiness, and had increased anxiety in the beginning. It seems to be leveling off now. My doctor recommended that I take 5mg in the beginning and then increase to 10 mg later. I think 5mg is enough for me. I get night sweats as well. Lost weight, because I am not hungry; nauseated. The anxiety has decreased. Its working.
2606	8.0	I am 23 years old and have pretty intense Social Anxiety.  I starting taking Lexapro 10 mg for it when I was 21. The drug was effective at treating my anxiety, but with a trade-off: I felt no emotions.  It made me feel more confident, reduced my blood pressure, eliminated heart palpitations; but, I began to realize towards the end of my use of it that I was feeling no highs or lows.  My social life was great.  I got a girlfriend after not having one for half a decade, and have been with her for 2 years now.  But during my use of Lexapro, all of these successes were just me going through the motions.  Everything seemed surreal to me.  Six weeks ago, I switched to 5 mg, and I am not feeling intense anxiety again. Not sure what it is doing for me.
2607	3.0	While on Lexapro, I had the best and worst times of my life. I switched to Lexapro from Paxil in college and it made an immediate difference -- no more brain fog or fatigue, and all the anxiety fighting effects. I was very happy and able to deal with the high stress of superior achievement in a difficult major. However, one night I had too much to drink (not high enough BAC for alcohol poisioning, just more than I was used to) and woke up the next morning a fearful, panicked, and emotional wreck. That was over 2 and 1/2 yrs ago and I am still not the same person I used to be. I can't say for sure that the Lexapro and the alcohol caused this major change in me, but my time on Lexapro has certainly shown me the polar opposites of my life.
2608	6.0	This drug did very well for me initially, at 10mg.  My dosage over 7 years kept increasing and now I am convinced that over time this medicine will deplete your natural serotonin levels and fails to work or not work at all.  At 10mg the side effects were not that noticeable at all, but at 20 mg the side effects were much more pronounced  Especially lethargy, increased panic attacks/anxiety, weird dreams, and sexual side effects to name just a few. Everyone is different, but for me this drug worked well at a small does for about 21/2 years, then slowly stopped working to the point where I was just having side effects from the med.  Am tapering off it and feel very well so far.
2609	1.0	These glowing reviews are comical to me.  I have had anxiety most of my life, not all the time, but it has come and gone since I was a little girl.  At the urging of family members who have been on one happy pill or another trying to be happy (with no success I might add), I went to my MD and he gave me Lexapro. I took it for about 6 days, and on the 7th day. I was taken off by ambulance with a 3 day panic attack that I could do nothing about.  It scared by husband so bad, he was beside himself.  My blood pressure was extremely high, heart palpitations, a feeling of hypothermia, ice cold all over, could not urinate, etc.  Once in the hospital, the doctor had to give me a downer to counteract the Lexapro (an upper). 
2610	9.0	"I have always tended to dwell on things and make things more than they are for as long as I can remember. I am a 28 years old, young-professional who was laid off 4 months ago. Despite not being too distraught about being laid-off ""I thought"", I began having panic episodes about 3-4 month where symptoms resembled a heart attack. After an ER and 2 Doctors visits, I was prescribed Lexapro. I started the treatment Monday night, and no lie was ""on cloud 9"" Tuesday morning all day and into Wednesday (today). I take 10mg once every other day! I have just taken my second dose and I am so much more at ease and this medicine is great for those with depressive and anxiety symptoms. Definite improvement in quality of life."
2611	7.0	I'm a college student, but ever since high school I've been suffering from depression and anxiety. Once I started taking Lexapro my senior year of high school it immediately helped with the depression immensely. I was less irritable and not so emotional all the time but as for the anxiety, it only helped very little. Right now, my anxiety is through the roof and I find myself stressing over every little thing. A lot of the times on the verge of tears. So for depression, Lexapro's an 8, but for anxiety I can only rank it about a 4.
2612	10.0	My Doctor started me on Xanax.  It helped with anxiety but it was a take as needed. I felt like I was waiting for a bomb to drop waiting for that lost feeling.  My Doctor switched me to Lexapro.  I've been on it for a week now, and I feel like my old self.  I'm amazed, and so is my family with the difference in my mood.  I feel so grateful.
2613	3.0	Started Lexapro 2 days ago. Haven't taken 3rd dose yet.  Been on buspirone (BUSPAR) which has helped.  Lately needed something more due to some travel.  Have severe headache.  Couldn't sleep last night. Very very dizzy.  Waiting to hear from the doctor. Tried Cymbalta with a very similar reaction.  Doesn't look like I'm going to be able to tolerate it.  
2614	9.0	"I started taking this medicine about 4 months ago when I was dealing with a very hard breakup and suffering from panic attacks. My resistance to stress was at rock bottom when I started taking Lexapro and it stopped my panic attacks immediately. I realized I'd been dealing with anxiety my whole life and had just thought it was normal and a part of my basic personality. The side effects at first were difficulty sleeping and a lack of appetite.  The longer I've been on this medication the more ""even"" I have felt...able to handle stress but still be myself.  I'm so much more comfortable in social situations and all of my obsessive worrying is gone. Sleep and appetite are normal now. Still feel emotions but don't lose control."
2615	8.0	"I'm a 47 year old female, been on 10mg Lexapro for 5 years for anxiety and depression that I've had since childhood. I had to add 300 mg Wellbutrin XL after, due to feeling overly sedated, and low libido. This combination has worked well for me, since the Wellbutrin has an ""up"" effect, and helps with sexual side effects. Tried to reduce the Lexapro to 5mg this fall, but had some anxiety start to return, went back to 10mg recently. Maybe just holiday stress. I'm so glad these medicines are around! Wish they could have been available for my brother who committed suicide several years ago. Wish I could have had the Lexapro at an earlier age but thankful now!"
2616	9.0	I experience being thirsty all the time on this, but it eliminates cyclical worrying thoughts and decreases my irritability.  I do have difficulty reaching sexual climax, but can sometimes. But on the generic, I could not climax at all, so it is better in that regard.
2617	10.0	Last year I broke out in hives all over my body from an allergic reaction.  Had panic attacks and suffered from anxiety - tingling in head, crazy numbness and so on, all anxiety symptoms, made me feel like I was going crazy. Lexapro has been a miracle medicine for me. I've been taking it for about 6 months.  I feel so much more calm and no more anxiety symptoms or panic attacks.
2618	5.0	About 3 years ago I was on Lexapro 10mg, then I was off. Then about 9 months ago I was on Lexapro 10mg again then up to 20mg but my libido pretty much became non existent. I had weight gain, I tried working out but it didn't help the problem. It worked with my anxiety but after a while I felt like it was wearing off and I was becoming accustomed. I had lost my job and had no insurance so I couldn't afford my Lexapro, so I was cut off up until about 3 days ago. The withdrawals were INSANE, I had so many attacks and brain zaps I really wanted to crash my car into incoming traffic, I would have my mom come pick me up while I would park on the side of the road.
2619	9.0	I'm 31 and have been taken Lexapro before I wanted to go with something cheaper. My doctor prescribed a generic citalopram. I have been on that for about 7 months now. I can tell you I notice a difference in the 2 medications. Lexapro allows me to feel more motivated to get things done and generally helps me focus with less stress, while citalopram has had not much effect other than weight gain and still at times I get really irritable. Being a single father of 2 I'm going to ask my doctor to place me back on Lexapro so I will feel more proactive and not like a bump on a log that doesn't care.
2620	3.0	I have been taking Lexapro for two months now for my anxiety. It has barely helped my anxiety and has left me feeling tired all day long. I also have gained weight and have completely lost my sex drive.
2621	10.0	"A couple of weeks ago what I considered my  ""usual anxiety"" symptoms started getting worse and the doctor put me on Lexapro to calm my ever raging mood swings. I started out on 10 mg which threw me for a loop. I felt strange all the time, very fatigued but had insomnia, dry mouth, and felt emotionally numb. I almost quit taking it, but then decided to try something different. I don't know if I would recommend this for everyone, but I started taking 1/2 in the morning and 1/2 at night. I feel 100% better! I am very alert, sleep deeply, I don't have the mid afternoon slump, I am not as emotionally numb and I have so much energy."
2622	4.0	Helped anxiety but major weight gain.
2623	7.0	"In '97 I was suffering from depression so badly, I entered a clinical trial for antidepressants. Specifically, Effexor XR. I had never been on antidepressants before and I was astounded at how much better I felt. Then in '06, after the 2nd work supervisor said I had ""no sense of urgency"" I decided to switch medicines. My doctor said so many patients became apathetic after long term use. Getting off was a nightmare! But now I'm on Lexapro. It hasn't lifted me up like I'd like either, but maybe that's the way it's going to be. I experienced weight gain with Effexor and actually lost weight since I've been on Lexapro, which has been for about 2 years now. Would like to get off all medicines period."
2624	9.0	I have been on Lexapro for about 10 days. I noticed it working after about 3 days. My anxiety has completely dissipated. I have had severe social anxiety since I was a very young child, to the point that I just didn't speak most of the time. I battled with it for over 30 years on my own, thinking this was just the way I was. Finally, a new job and career caused my anxiety to sky rocket, rendering me unable to do my job properly. Since starting Lexapro I am now more free and less self conscious. I am talking to people comfortably and enjoying socializing a lot more. I don't snap at the children and don't sweat the small stuff. I haven't gained any weight (or lost any) and I just feel more like myself. The only downside: tired all the time.
2625	2.0	I have been taking Lexapro for over a year. Have gone from 10mg per day to 20mg per day. Switched between taking in the morning and taking at night. It has done nothing for me. I still have anger episodes, still worry constantly, and still big ups and downs. Hope to find something that helps soon. Good luck to all who are trying also.
2626	9.0	My cardiologist put me on Lexapro a year ago due to anxiety and heart palpitations.  I was very happy not to feel anxiety anymore and thought this is a miracle drug. Personally I thought I will stay all my life on Lexapro, this is how good it made me feel.  I slept well, I was very calm and was able to better deal with my chronic pain due to spinal cord damages. I blamed prednisone for my rheumatoid arthritis but when I found this board and read all of your opinions about Lexapro I realized what made me this way. I'm just not sure how I'll go off Lexapro.
2627	8.0	If you just started Lexapro and are considering quitting because of the side effects - don't! Trust me. Wait it out. It gets so much better. The first month I took Lexapro, I was extremely nauseous and anxious, and couldn't sleep at night. I've been on it now for six months and feel like a completely new, better person. The only side effect I experience is occasional drowsiness. I can sleep at night, I have no sexual side effects, and I haven't gained any weight. Also: Do NOT taper off this medicine without consulting your Doctor first and having him/her help you through it. If you take yourself off it (especially cold turkey) it will be horrible for you. Be smart and stay strong. The good definitely outweighs the bad.
2628	7.0	I'm 21 and have been taking Lexapro for over 4 years and have seen good results and bad. I had a panic attack after taking Zoloft and was hospitalized after a few days and began taking Lexapro afterwards and have had a few episodes. The biggest thing I think that has affected me was going off for a few days because it messed my system up. I am on 200mg in the morning and 100mg at night. I'm still struggling at times with public anxiety and depression, but still feel good after I take it. Next time I think I am going to ask for another medicine. For new users, I recommend it, but take it how you are prescribed and let your doctor know if its not working.
2629	9.0	I'm an 18 year old female who used to take Lexapro for anxiety/depression (20 mg) but went off of it for a couple years. Recently and for the first time I had a severe panic attack which landed me in the hospital, this happened two nights in a row. The doctor diagnosed me with Panic Disorder and Anxiety and prescribed me 10 mg of Lexapro daily and 5 mg of Xanax to take as needed. I took 10 mg of Lexapro the first morning but upped the dosage to 20 mg the following day. I'm on day 5 now and although the side effects (dizziness, loss of appetite, stomachache, lack of sex drive) I have noticed a significant improvement in my anxiety. I am only on day 5 so of course it'll take some time to fully see the effects.
2630	4.0	I have been on this medicine for several years.  I have anxiety and Lexapro works really good but don't miss a dose or try to wean yourself off.  It makes you dizzy and you get these Zaps; to my tongue and down my arm.  I am still not off it and went back to my normal dose.  Beware of weight gain, I eat very health and get pretty good physical activity and the weight just keeps creeping up.  Good luck!  
2631	4.0	"I suffered from anxiety for many years and as I got older it became horrible. Palpitations and things that do not seem to bother others would destroy me on the inside. I began taking Lexapro 10mg. At first it did help but then I started to have long lasting headaches...sensitive to light and feeling that I was ""numb"" from the neck up. I completely shut out the outside and withdrew from 90% of everything I liked. I read all of the reviews about the medicine as far a getting off of it, and I felt that it was pushing me further into a hole. I decided to take it every other day for one week, then half the dose and half the days. My advice is drink lots of water/ Fish oil every other day/ You must walk/ Eat even if you must force yourself/Sleep at night."
2632	10.0	After 2 heart surgeries I developed severe anxiety.  I also had constant chest pain that was not cardiac related as well as being afraid to sleep lying flat because I couldn't breathe.  Before that I was always the calmest person in any situation and suddenly being distracted by irrational fears was devastating for me.  My doctor prescribed Lexapro 20 mg daily which I initially did not take because I didn't want to be on an SSRI.  After a severe panic attack while on duty, I started taking the medication and experienced complete relief of my anxiety and panic attacks within a week.  I have not experienced any of the side effects except some gas, and my high sex drive has not been affected.
2633	1.0	I have to share my experience. I have developed anxiety over the last few months. Small panic attacks, moody behavior. My Doctor prescribed me the 4 week introduction pack 10mg I must be super sensitive. I took one pill and within an hour I was unable to function. Severe mania, made my anxiety worse. My eyes started to get really sensitive. This is the day after and I am still suffering. 
2634	9.0	"I took Lexapro from 2005 until about 1 month ago.  I have suffered from depression all of my life and have had bouts of panic attacks at various times.  I got on the Lexapro starting at 10mg but quickly went to 20mg as 10mg didn't really help.  I did notice a calming effect from the standpoint of anxiety and depression.  On the downside, I have gone from 170 pounds in 2005 to 200 pounds currently.  Also, during some extreme cases I took Xanax during the panic attacks to cope.  
I am now trying to get off the Lexapro. I have taken 10mg for a month or two and now am about 1 month into not taking any.  The problem is, now I have had some very very almost panic attack nights and have had to take the 1mg of Xanax to help. "
2635	10.0	I just started Lexapro a week and a half ago.  I noticed results almost immediately.  The only side effect I encountered was a slight light-headed feeling that has since subsided for the most part.  I have felt like hell and have been struggling with anxiety/depression for the past six years without medication.  This stuff has literally saved my life.  I feel like my old self again.  My only regret is that I didn't try it sooner.
2636	9.0	I have been on Lexapro for 3 months now. While I still have my moments I feel way more confident and can handle life's curve balls so much better.
2637	6.0	"This is a drug that takes a long time to get fully into your system.  It does not just ""work"" after a day or a week.  I was on this medication from 2004 to 2007.  It worked pretty well (about 85%) for anxiety, but not very well for depression.  My nutritionist and Doctor agreed that it was the medication that caused me to gain 30 pounds (which by the way, does not help depression.) I had to keep a food journal and keep track of my activity level. The overall panic subsided, but at night when trying to fall asleep I would occasionally have chest pain, or rapid heartbeat, or trouble breathing.  You just have to try to find ways around medicines to cope.  "
2638	8.0	Today was my first day using Lexapro. I have been put on a light dosage of 5mg/day. I don't know if it was just my wishful thinking or not but within a few hours I felt a little bit braver then usual. I felt like I could actually go into my local supermarket to do some shopping which I haven't done for over 2 years now. By the end of the day my brave thoughts had disappeared but it gave me hope that this treatment will work or at least help lower my anxiety. Keeping my fingers crossed.
2639	2.0	This is just my experiences and opinions. This medication has not helped me much for my anxiety or OCD. I am taking 10 mg once a day,  but now I don't know if maybe I need to increase my dose or change to something else.  The main problem I am having is that it has not seemed to help me much with my hand washing OCD and now I have become itchy from dry skin and scalp.
2640	10.0	I was on 10mg of Lexapro for 6 years for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. It worked great! I wanted to see if I could have a good quality of life without it since I did gain 40 pounds in that time.  I am on a weight loss program now since I had to go back on Lexapro. Withdrawal wasn't too bad. It took 4 months and I was off of it for 4 months. Had new stressful things to deal with and that's why I am taking it again. It's a great medicine I feel, just have to watch your diet!
2641	6.0	I was prescribed 10 mg Lexapro in March of 2009 for anxiety. It worked well as far as the anxiety was concerned but I decided to stop taking it in April 2010 because of the side effects--weight gain (I gained about 10 pounds even though I was a consistent gym rat and my diet did not change) and a pretty much non existent libido. This is NOT A MEDICINE YOU CAN JUST STOP TAKING. My doctor weaned me off by having me take 5 mg everyday for 2 weeks and then 5 mg every other day for a week. The withdrawl symptoms were not bad until I stopped taking it all together. I've noticed I've been easily fatigued and have constant dizziness, which seems to be worse in the mornings--hopefully it will subside soon.
2642	9.0	I had been trying to convince my boyfriend of 6 years to go to the doctor and get something prescribed to treat his panic attacks, GAD, etc. At the beginning of last year he finally went to the doctor after enduring panic and anxiety for 5 or 6 years. The doctor prescribed him Xanax which helped a lot but he still was unable to do a lot of things. Today is his seventh day using Lexapro and I am already beginning to see a difference in him. The first 4 days he had some pretty shocking side effects, i.e. dry mouth, nausea, bit of dizziness and unable to reach orgasm. However judging by how well he is doing on day 7, I have very high hopes for this medicine and am excited that he is finally going to get to really enjoy life the way he deserves.
2643	10.0	I've been taking Lexapro since November of last year (2009) and it works great!  I used to get really nervous entering a room or place with large crowds and now it's easy being the center of attention, especially me wanting to be an actress and all...it really helps! I'm the person I've always wanted to be...confident, outgoing, and alot of other things.  Although, It would be great if I could do this without the medicine, however, I had tried getting off of it and the anxiety came right back. So, it just works great.  I don't get nervous or embarrassed easily anymore.  I'm not as moody either...it helps with that.  What more can I say?  If you suffer from anxiety, this is great! I no longer have panic attacks either.
2644	4.0	Been on Lexapro 10 mg for 3 days now and the panic attacks went away but still have times where I feel like curling up in a ball and crying. I'm really jittery and feel like sleeping all the time. I'm hanging in there to see if it works...wish me luck!
2645	9.0	I am back on Lexapro after 2 years off. I commenced taking 20mg about 6 days ago and the side effects were quite severe for the first few days (No appetite, upset stomach, insomnia, fogginess, grinding, jittery, cold sweats and no sex drive). However, that has subsided a little and I am now feeling quite calm and much less toxic towards myself. I am actually feeling quite carefree for a change and things don't seem to be affecting me as they had been for too long...my head is giving me a holiday. It is great to know that they helped me before and I know that they are going to help me get through again.
2646	10.0	This has really helped with my anxiety. I had some stomach upset (on an off) for the first couple of weeks but it all went and it is SO WORTH IT to feel the anxiety is so much better.
2647	10.0	This has helped me get my life back.
2648	9.0	I am 20 years old. I have used Lexapro for two months. I must say it's great, anxiety and depression are gone. 
2649	8.0	"About 1.5 years ago, I had a very serious, nearly fatal skiing accident. The six months following my experience, I found myself petrified to drive, extremely nervous and plagued by nightmares. My anxiety eventually lead to depression - I lost all confidence, became extremely self critical and was highly dissatisfied with my life. Exercise and ""positive thought"" helped, but did not restore me to my previous self. I began taking 5mg of Lexapro about 11 months ago; I still get nervous, excited, happy, angry, sad - but now the feelings of sadness and anxiety do not overwhelm me. I feel like myself again!
I have noticed a few side effects - dry mouth, some indigestion, periodic trouble sleeping (1x/month) and some trouble with orgasm.Not to bad!"
2650	7.0	I found that Lexapro really elevated my mood drastically and helped my anxiety, but it also gave me severe insomnia, dreamy thinking, and the inability to pay attention.
2651	9.0	I feel obligated to share my experience with Lexapro.  Before seeking psychiatric treatment, I'd spend hours on this website (a well as others) reading reviews of Lexapro and similar SSRIs.  I suffer from GAD and Lexapro has helped tremendously.  The only downside was the side effects at first (unable to achieve orgasm, crazy dreams, extreme gas), but those have subsided.  My partner notices a complete turnaround in my stability.  I am very thankful for Lexapro.  I am so glad that I made it trough the first few weeks with the side effects.  This drug changed my life.
2652	1.0	My young daughter suffers from Tourette Syndrome, OCD and Anxiety. The Anxiety is a recent thing. She has never been treated before for her tics (TS) or OCD (which actually is relatively new as well). They started her on Lexapro and her anxiety was heightened as well as decreasing her appetite. Which is not good since her obsession is NOT throwing up from food. So for her, this medicine did not work. She also complained of being tired, more nausea than usual, etc. She wasn't on it long either. We just made the decision that we could not afford her to be worse. She is now on something else - fingers crossed that it'll work!
2653	10.0	I love Lexapro! This drug has done wonders for my anxiety. I have had the sexual side effects - hard to get an orgasm. I will say that went away for me. It might take me a little longer but I'm totally enjoying sex now! Give it time and your body will adjust to it.
2654	8.0	Lexapro has helped my anxiety and depression and I am glad to be on it. Started in January of 2002 and it brought me back to my senses and I was able to get out of a bad relationship and meet my husband. The side effects are minimal and blend into my daily life without much thought. Sexual side effects can be frustrating but my husband and I have a system figured out that works for us. I will be upping to 20 mg from 15 mg because of some social anxiety over the last few months from a job loss and the isolation and excess worry that followed. For panic, I take klonopin which has been a life saver. Once Lexapro kicked in, I felt like I had always wanted to feel since the age of 15 - normal! Not sad, not scared, not worried or anxious.
2655	1.0	I have heardof this drug working well for others. However, I feel compelled to write my experience with this drug. I was given a four week supply of Lexapro by my doctor (10mg pills) because I had panic attacks two days in a row which I did not realize at the time was a result of over drinking. I ended up taking two pills total. The side effects I experienced were: EXTREME anxiety, nausea, headache, chest pains, cold sweats, sleeplessness, nervous energy, and just general mania. I was terrified that this would never go away. The side effects went away the fourth day after taking the second (and last) pill. That was however the worst and longest 4 days of my life. You WILL get through this!
2656	8.0	I have gone through a lot these last 5 months from changing careers and moving and having two deaths in my family. I was having bad crying jags and feeling really down. My anxiety was very high. I have been on this medication for about 4 days now and I feel a sense of peace and all my mind-chatter has left. I know the full dose has not kicked in yet so I'm hoping to feel better and better. I was totally against taking anything but sometimes you just need that extra push. In the beginning I did feel very tired but that has lifted. I feel clear headed and plan to stay on this for a little just to get back to normal.
2657	10.0	I LOVE LEXAPRO. I had really bad anxiety before Lexapro and now I feel much calmer and more in control of my life.  I only take 5mgs because my body is super sensitive but I can definitely feel and see a change.  Sometimes I still suffer from anxiety during PMS but during the rest of the month I'm so happy and life is so much easier to deal with.  Lexapro was a life saver for me.
2658	5.0	Was prescribed this medicine to combat my generalized anxiety disorder. It worked fine for a few months, but then I got depressed.  I didn't want to leave the house, talk on the phone, or even text or email any friends at all.  I also gained 20 lbs.  That might have had something to do with the depression that suddenly came about also.  This might work for some people, but I was not one of them.
2659	4.0	Helped to take the edge off, but I had very vivid dreams that were bizarre in content.  Had problems sleeping and having quality of sleep.
2660	9.0	Lexapro has worked really well for my anxiety/depression issues. The only down side is that it pretty much killed my sex drive. In the process of finding a remedy for that, for my husband's sake!
2661	10.0	I have been taking Lexapro 20mg daily for 4 years now. Works great on my anxiety. Side effects: better concentration skills for work, lower sex drive but still works, normal appetite, if I miss to many days I lose some of my word memory abilities and a short vocabulary until I get my doses back on a daily regimen. I do have trouble going to sleep but sleep well when I finally get to sleep.
2662	8.0	My doctor and I tried various medications to help me with anxiety. Lexapro has been the most effective. I've been taking it for a couple of years - now at 40 mg. It does have side effects that have not dissipated: lack of sex drive, much heavier sweating, and a numbing of emotions. However, the calm I feel far outweighs those problems.
2663	9.0	I'm a 38 year old female.  I've been on Lexapro 10mgs for 2 1/2 weeks now for severe anxiety due to marital issues.  It has definitely helped- I feel much calmer about my life and has given me back the feeling of being able to cope with life's current problems.  Before starting Lexapro I was taking Valium every couple days for anxiety and I haven't needed to take a single one since starting.  The one major side effect I noticed almost immediately was difficulty in reaching orgasm (which was never an issue in the past).  I'm not yet sure whether that's a deal breaker as I think the other SSRIs would have the same effect.
2664	10.0	For me, this drug has been amazing. I've had anxiety most of my life but over the past few years I started having panic attacks. I finally went to the doctor and he put me on Lexapro. I've been taking it for approximately 6 months and I started seeing results within the 1st week. I haven't gained any weight, in fact I've lost weight and sometimes have to make myself eat. It does make me sleepy, so I take it at night. For me it has worked wonders.
2665	7.0	I've been on Lexapro for 2 years and am now weening myself off.  I am giving this medicine a relatively high rating because it saved my social and academic life in under a month of beginning treatment.  However, after being on it for about 2 years it's effects have plateaued.  I am completely emotionally neutral to any situation.  Some may like this feeling, but I do not.  Example:  I get a D on an important term paper.  Emotion: I don't care.  Example: I get an A on an important term paper.  Emotion:  I don't care.  I'd at least like to feel something from emotional stimuli.  I will either be trying a different drug or giving a completely drugless life a chance.  Good luck to you all.
2666	10.0	Lexapro has saved my life. I no longer feel anxiety or major depression. If I didn't find this antidepressant medication I would not be alive to this day. I am so thankful.
2667	2.0	Side effects aren't worth it for me.
2668	10.0	My psychologist originally suggested Lexapro to treat my anxiety and panic disorder, then my doctor prescribed it. I was told that it is not habit forming and that it has low side effects and works well to treat panic disorder. I started out on 10mg for 3 weeks then went up to 20mg. My side effects have been mild and have included nausea (the first few days), weight loss (which I don't mind) because of decreased appetite, mild increased sweating, and recently trouble falling asleep. All in all I am very pleased with it and have had only one panic attack in over a month. I used to have multiple ones weekly. I feel like I am finally getting my life back and I would recommend this medicine to anyone.
2669	7.0	Lexapro is good it has really helped to calm me down. The first few days have been tough I have been nauseated, I have lost my appetite, I'm restless, but overall it really is making a difference and I have only been on it a few days. It hasn't helped my depression yet, but I have been told it takes a while.
2670	8.0	I started Lexapro 10 mg while my mother was terminally ill - very high stress period. It was like a miracle. Totally relaxed me and got me through a rough period. I only experienced two side effects - weight gain (10 lbs) and zero sex drive. Because of the weight gain, I decided to wean myself off a few months after my mother passed away with no problems at all. Then, six months later began suffering the worst anxiety with severe panic attacks. I immediately got back on Lexapro and will try to combat the weight gain with diet and exercise. It was a good drug for me.
2671	5.0	I'm female 24 years old, 190lbs. I was on 5 mg to 10mg now I'm at 20mg I have been on this medicine for 8 months. It makes me feel a little better but I have had bad dreams so now I take another pill to sleep.
2672	3.0	I was put on this for my anxiety disorder and my bulimia/anorexia. I was put on 5 mg and than bumped up to 15 mg over a months times. I started this drug three months ago and last month I had to be taken off. I had bruises all over my legs, I had no energy, I would fall asleep at 10pm and wake up at noon the next day and be taking a nap at 3pm. My anxiety improved some but those side effects were too much.
2673	9.0	I have always had anxiety, but after having my twins at 25 weeks the anxiety just got worst. After their long stay in the NICU and they were fine I thought things would get better but it became my everyday life. I have now been on Lexapro for 4 days and I am very excited of the effects already. I feel more relaxed and I don't get upset over the little things. I am actually losing weight and sleeping better. I wish I had gone to my MD sooner because I feel like I am on my way to being my old self again. I am now on my way to being a better mom and wife and that makes me feel great.
2674	9.0	"I was on Paxil and switched to Lexapro a few years back (3) and have not had many side affects. It really does calm me down so I have become a nicer person, and shrug off things that I would normally go crazy about, less shouting etc. I take 20mg. I do feel it has made me lazier and as a result I have been putting on some weight as I exercise less. It does affect orgasms which are much harder to pull off and takes incredible effort. I tried 3 times to go off the drug cold turkey, with terrible results. I just became depressed. After a few days I just went back on it again and after 15 minutes felt the glow of calm come into my body and I was ""normal"" again.  It is addictive, to quit, definitely need to decrease dose gradually."
2675	9.0	Since taking Lexapro for my anxiety I have not had any heart palpitations.
2676	10.0	Lexapro has been a God send for me. I started off with 10 mg and it didn't do a thing, so I was increased to 20 mg, and wow what a difference. I now find myself actually starting conversations with people - something the pre-Lexapro me could have never dreamed. I feel so much more relaxed - like a real person, finally. No side effects at all either except it definitely increases the effects of alcohol. Didn't really do much for my depression, but I think just feeling less anxious is helping it along.
2677	6.0	I have only been taking this medication for 2 weeks. It has been pretty up and down for me each and everyday. I requested help for anxiety made worse by PMS. I started on 2.5mg and had scary anxiety, worse than what I was even taking it for, mild dry mouth, dizziness, and head sensations that were not quite painful but annoying. Just when I thought it was getting better, side effects seem to come and go as they please. I know that 2 weeks is not a fair amount of time to evaluate the drug completely and while my PMS was improved this month, I feel different, and not in a good way. I don't know how much longer I will give it a go.
2678	9.0	This worked well for my anxiety attacks
2679	9.0	"I got into a burnout and had anxiety, depressive and obsessive thoughts. I couldn't sleep anymore. My Doctor initially prescribed Paxil but the side effects were horrible so she switched me to Lexapro. My symptoms gradually went away over a month. The only side effect I had was mild weight gain which I could not sweat off until I quit the medication.

I stayed on Lexapro for just over a year while I also did CBT. I gradually quit over a 6-wk period with no withdrawal symptom.

Lexapro litteraly saved my job, relationship and my sanity. I only have good comments to say about this drug."
2680	9.0	I found that in high stress situations, I still had some degree of anxiety (sweaty palms, holding my breath without realizing it, some shaking, etc) but overall my ability to handle anxiety evened out.  I was a lot less stressed and found decision making, dealing with my children, and talking in front of people to be much more manageable.  I was able to sleep better without waking up several times in a panic wondering what I had forgotten to do.  I stopped worrying about things.  This drug changed my life with a moderately low dose and with little to no side effects.
2681	8.0	10mg of this medication in the morning did wonders for my anxiety and depression.  I felt awful physically and mentally and it made me feel WAY normal again.  The side effects I experienced were heart palpitations, increase in stomach acid, occasional nausea, minor drowsiness, and dizziness upon standing.  None were bad enough to quit. 
2682	5.0	Was prescibed Lexapro for anxiety and panic disorder.  Only could give this a neutral 5 rating as the side effects stopped me after a week from experiencing the possible benefits.  I am told that this is a very good drug by my doctor and shrink alike.  It gave me more anxiety and crazy chest pains.  I was on 10mg daily.
2683	10.0	I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and was given Lexapro along with cognitive therapy. The first week Lexapro made me worse than I was originally. However, it worked wonders and has helped me immensely to get my life back in order.  I started on a light dosage at 10mg and in 4 weeks jumped to 20mg which is typical.  This combined with cognitive therapy has got me back on track.  I really didn't experience any side effects except feeling crappy when I first got on it.  Within 4 weeks it was fine.  To me it is like taking aspirin everyday now.
2684	8.0	For the first week on Lexapro, I felt weird; a little lightheaded, dizzy, had insomnia and some minor stomach issues but I stuck it out and I'm so glad I did. I have been taking it for 5 weeks now. I take Lexapro around 10am now as this helps prevent insomnia at night. I feel more energetic, happier and more social. I don't feel out of control or strange or anything. No side effects now. I would highly recommend it anyone to try this.
2685	9.0	I have been taking Lexapro for 3 months now and feel great. I had severe anxiety. Now I feel like myself and can think clearly. If I get angry I only feel that way for a few minutes instead of a few days. I experienced a few side effects like dry mouth, and restlesness but those symptoms have faded. The worst side effect I have is loss of appetite. I don't mind that one so much.
2686	9.0	"I have tried four different anti-depressants. All, apart from Lexapro, caused intolerable insomnia. I have now taken Lexapro for 3 years and found it to be life altering. I now feel ""normal"" and my sleep patterns have improved remarkably. My only side effect is slight sexual difficulties, however these have lessened over time."
2687	10.0	Lexapro was a life saver.  It saved me from being anxious and sad all the time.  In fact, it's helped me with my pre-menstrual syndrome also.  I am so much calmer.
2688	10.0	"I started taking lexapro 2 years ago. I have always had bad nerves , but when my daughter graduated high school, I was suffering from the ""empty nest syndrome"". Lexapro really helped me alot and the only fall back for me was my weight gain. I went from size 10 to 16 . I am going off from the medicine now and I think that I will do okay and if I ever have to go back on something it would be this. Good Luck!"
2689	9.0	I have been taking Lexapro 10mg for 4 months for anxiety and panic attack disorder with mild OCD. The panic attacks went away completely and my anxiety was lessened. I am no longer walking around with a constant lump in my stomach and I feel stable. I had chest pains from the anxiety and they also went away after a month on Lexapro. If you experience side effects in the beginning please try to stick it out it is worth it. I had some side effects (restlessness, insomnia, worsening of panic episodes, dry mouth and sweating) but they went away after 4 weeks. The only bad thing about Lexapro is the weight gain. I gained 12 lbs in 2 months. Recently I had to up my dose to 15mg, when my dad died and I started feeling anxious again. Good luck all.
2690	8.0	I was slowly suffering from anxiety (through high school) and never really knew it. About 3 years ago (age 29) I began to have anxiety and panic attacks after a vet visit with my cat. I seizured from the anxiety of being in the vet office and from then on for about a year the anxiety turned into panic attacks at work, meetings, car, home. It wasn't until I finally had a full on panic attack (felt like a heart attack) and had to go to hospital that I was prescribed Lexapro. I did not want to accept the fact that I needed to take medicine for something psychological. I always tried to fight things with my mind. Over the past 2 years I am glad I was prescribed Lexapro. It has completely changed my anxiety. I still have occasionall anxiety but no attacks. Main side effect was low sex drive.
2691	9.0	Lexapro is a good anti-depressant (I was perscribed this drug for anxiety but felt very positive after about two weeks). That being said, in my opinion it did more for my un-diagnosed depression then for my diagnosed anxiety, which is the reason for the perscription. I did rate this product a 9/10 though, because like I said it seems to be a great anti-depressant.
2692	9.0	My mom died when I was 4 and last semester I always had anxiety in the background and now at 15, spring semester of '08 I had some mild panic attacks and worry, nervousness, sadness and excessive shyness all day long. This medication is a life saver and I love it. They say 8 weeks for the full effect and sure it might re-balance your chemicals in 8 weeks, but give it a chance as it still takes a while after that for you to break out of your shell.
2693	10.0	After being on Lexapro for 2 weeks, I felt like a new woman.
2694	9.0	"I have only been taking Lexapro for two days but I already felt a difference the first day.  It was like things were not such a big deal.  A few hours after taking the second dose I had this wave of memories from the last year that made me go ""wow, I've over reacted, over thought, over cried, over expected from myself and others"".  It does make me a bit sleepy so I take it before bed. My appetite is more normal now where I would eat to feel better now I am only eating when I'm hungry.  It makes me thirsty and makes me yawn a lot but overall but I think this may save me and my family from my freak out moments."
2695	9.0	I have been on lexapro for about 6 weeks. The very first day I noticed a change, kind of a numb feeling but better. Six weeks into it let me tell you lexapro saved my life.
2696	9.0	I took everything personally before Lexapro. Now I'm just a little above it all. I live with more certainty and confidence it seems. I love my Lexapro.
2697	10.0	"Lexapro has changed my life significantly. I had GAD and my anxiety was absolutely awful, especially since I am in graduate school. I started on Lexapro and didn't start seeing the effects for about 6 months; but it was well worth the wait. I am the ""old me"" and couldn't be happier. My advice is to give it time- it really does take a while."
2698	10.0	Since I was in 10th grade, I've had anxiety and depression. I was placed on Lexapro 10mg, but still had some social anxiety and anxiety about other things. I didn't have as much as before so the doctor increased it to 20mg. I've never felt better. Like others have said, I almost forget I have anxiety. I feel fine everyday and it's the greatest feeling in the world. If anyone is reading this post and is unsure about asking the doctor about help with anxiety, social anxiety, depression, etc, please don't wait. This drug truly saved my life.
2699	9.0	I have used this for four years, since my dad died, and I recommend it to anyone who is depressed or angry. I went off it once, at a stupid time, and I will never stop taking it again.
2700	10.0	Without going into my whole story about this drug and the events that lead me up to the point of taking it, I will just say my piece about it and move on.  At the risk of sounding cliche, it is a miracle drug.  It completely changed my life, for the better.  I really cant even begin to say all the specific things it helped me change about myself.  I'm not normally the type of person who will get on the Internet and give kudos to a product of any kind, but with this I am.  Look into it!
2701	9.0	Helps my anxiety tremendously!
2702	10.0	Saved my life. I used to take 20 mg two years ago. I ended up taking myself off, (tapering) then I was fine for about 6 months. I fell into a relapse and now started on 10 mg. I would be so afraid of what to eat and if something was going to make my blood sugar to high. Now I can eat healthy but not have to worry that to much fruit will make me sick. I can have a soda every now and then. I love Lexapro. The first few days are different, headache, stomach ache and dizziness. Now I feel 100% better.
2703	10.0	No side effects...and no more panic attacks. Yay.
2704	9.0	Excellent
2705	10.0	I'm a male 44 years, and suffered anxiety for years. I could not drive on the freeway without panic attacks, and the fear of crashing. I went to countless doctors before I decided to try medication(Lexapro). It changed my life. It took about three months for me to feel like my old self again. I have no side effects, and I haven't had a panic attack in three years since I began taking it. Life is great thanks to Lexapro.
2706	7.0	I have had anxiety for over 14yrs. I have been using lexapro for 1 year it has kept me emotitionaly stable but it has not helped my anxiety at all. I use 40mg.
2707	7.0	My son is 8yrs old and has asperger's with an emphasis in anxiety. When the doc prescribed Lexapro at 10mg he had a manic episode, but when decreased to 5mg MY SON SMILED FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 2YRS! For a mom there is no greater feeling. We have to occationally use an additional anxiety medicine durning periods of intense stress but for maintenance therapy it's great. I only gave it a rating of 7 due to the severe WEIGHT GAIN he has experienced. Good luck to all who suffer
2708	10.0	this medication is amazing and has changed my life for the better! However like most SSRI's it does neg impact sex drive etc and it did lead to weight gain
2709	9.0	I have been suffering from Severe Depression, Anxiety and Panic attacks for 4 years. I have been on every anti-depressent and anti-anxiety med known along with mood stabilizers. All of these at the same time and always tweaking doses. I had no life I just wanted to be alone from my wife and kids and people in general. This hurt that I was not able to be the dad and husband I used to be. I have been on Lexapro for 4 weeks now and for the first time I have no anxiety or depression. It works for me
2710	8.0	My husband used to take Paxil &amp; was able to ween himself off successfully,over 6 years ago. Now,after being severely &amp; permanently injured at work,having spinal surgery 2 years ago, he has severe anxiety,with good reason! &amp; his doctors have put him on Valium, then Ativan, &amp; then Klonapin.  But recently, a new doctor asked him to try Lexapro. Boy what a wonder drug so far!! Very few side-effects,and it really gets him focused and happier!! If it continues,it will be a miracle for our family!!!!!!
2711	7.0	"I am an 18 year old female, 5'4"", 118 lbs, currently on 40 mg of Lexapro and 80 mg of Vyvanse for anxiety and other issues. Mild nausea for the first couple days of treatment, fine after that. No other notable effects until going from 30 to 40, now noticed a somewhat decreased sex drive and some difficulty orgasming. Still deciding whether that's worth it.

Otherwise, Lexapro is decent. No fabulous turnaround for me, but definitely helping me get on with life :-)"
2712	8.0	I have been down a long road. I had gotten inappropriate sinus tachycardia with stopping a beta blocker. And was put in another heart medicine to control my heart rate with less weaning side effects. Anyways they diagnosed me IST (Inappropriate Sinus Tachycardia). But since being off the medicine my heart rate has been fine. Not over 100 bpm. Anyways took 2.5 mg of buspar last night and my heart rate has been under control. I just want to cry cause I haven't seen my heart normal without being on a heart medicine even then it didn't really help much. I guess I found my miracle drug and my heart rate was due to anxiety since doctors give me high anxiety and panic
2713	4.0	I'm on 15mgs of Buspar a day, its been 2 months and its not working that well. It evens me out a little but I still get anxiety attacks. I'm also gaining weight because of sugar cravings.
2714	10.0	Quit drinking cold turkey after 2 years of life altering changes. Never had anxiety. Well I do now. Crippling scary moments only about midday. Morning and evening I'm fine which is weird. Was scared to death to take a med like this because other than high BP I'm good to go. Broke down and tried one 5mg dose. About an hour later I felt smooth. Was told 5mg 12 hours. I take 5mg 3 times a day. Usually every 4 hours so 15mg. 4 months sober and a month after starting Buspar it's a life saver for me. I've read that it doesn't work for everybody and everybody I'd different I understand. But it has done the trick for me so far. I tried every vitamin concoction and drink known to man with no luck. It made me very dizzy the fist couple weeks. Now I don't even notice taking it except feeling more calm. Not recommending taking it like I do but it works for me.
2715	2.0	I've had anxiety for several years with full blown panic attacks that have sent me to the ER. Fortunately, I've kept those at bay for the last year, but I still get anxiety at night. I finally decided to go to the doctor but didn't want a benzo. I was prescribed 15mg tabs, I take one at night...and it does absolutely nothing for my anxiety. If anything, it makes me a tad drowsy. Not what I was hoping for.
2716	1.0	Makes my anxiety tremendously worse, even after months of use! Don't believe the fake big pharma comments. This is not a replacement for any benzo, in any way! It is only 'known' to be 'effective' in general anxiety disorder. AFter my switch I couldn't sleep for a week, dehydrated, thought I was gonna die, so then they gave me Zoloft in conjunction with the buspar that I was already on for 2 months! The Zoloft made it even worse, I am surprised to be alive and writing this today.
2717	9.0	I have debilitating anxiety and paranoia. I hate valium, xanax etc as it causes me shocking  depression and lose all motivation. I'm currently taking pristiq, seroquel and Armodifinil. After just a few days on 10 mg twice a day I feel so much better. I've stopped the morning dose as it was causing me to feel spaced out and numb until 2pm. Been on it now two weeks and all my physical anxiety (pounding heart, shortness of breath and irrational negative thoughts) has basically disappeared!! I feel so good I've even booked an overseas holiday soon. Something impossible before the Buspar. I love this medication it's changed my outlook in life :)
2718	10.0	I can take 15mg three times a day but most of the time I  only take two a day as I was told not to take after 6 pm. But it works for me great. I haven't had any side effects or anything. It keeps me relaxed and calm and even when I want to get upset I really cant. I thank God for this drug. Give it a try if you haven't.
2719	4.0	I was doing much better on Clonazepam.  I believe therapy and medication has as much to do with having quality of life than to changing to another medication.  I found that if my therapist had no experience with anxiety counselling, I didn't do well with that therapist.
2720	6.0	"I have narrow angle glaucoma and there are only two anti depressive/anti anxiety drugs that will not raise my eye pressure...wellbutrin and buspar.  Wellbutrin tore up my stomach and upped my anxiety so after three months of that I switched to buspar.  I must be very sensitive to drugs because even 5mg was too much and caused ""brain zaps"".  I cut it in half and 2.5mg seems just right so far and it's only week two.  I feel calmer and I intend to give this drug a chance to really work.  Side effects are minimal and I take my second dose mid afternoon due to sleep issues if I take it in the evening.  It doesn't do much for my depression but my depression is secondary to my anxiety.  Like I said, I'm giving it a chance."
2721	1.0	Buspirone doesn't work near as well as Clonazepam. I was hopeful but hopeful does not stop my anxiety.
2722	6.0	"Buspar does the job better than other medication so far. Everything else has made me feel worse. 
The first couple of times I took this medication my heart rate increased and I felt dizzy. This went away after a couple of days taking it. 
It makes me sick to my stomach if I take it on an empty stomach, so I definitely recommend eating a meal right before you take a pill."
2723	4.0	I started out taking 2 doses of 5 mg a day. The first few days I did notice a little mood boost but it didn’t last long. We raised my dose 5 more mg (15mg a day) and same thing but it went away. Didn’t help with my panic or separation anxiety. Did help with depersonalization.   It made me tired, nauseous &amp; gave diarrhea the first couple days. Those went away after that but it did give me a weird feeling about 45 minutes after taking each dose. I tapered off after 2-3 months.
2724	8.0	It's working fine for me so far
2725	7.0	I've struggled with anxiety all of my life. I am also about to get tested for ADHD in my 40's. The Buspar has stopped the constant worry, but the focus issue and being scattered brained hasn't changed. My anxiety is definitely better. But it's all at a price. I feel emotionally numb. I don't really feel much anything. I'm could just sit and stare watching everyone life go by except for continuing to fidget and tapping my feet constantly. I'm on 5mg twice a day for two weeks now. Its nice to have relief from the anxiety but my fidgety mind is trapped in this sluggish emotional state. My heart and my head feel like two separate entities strangely. And my dreams are so vivid I feel like I'm in something as real as when I'm awake. I dreamed I in  an earthquake, tsunami and I saw my dog get bit in the face by a gigantic snake. I almost would rather deal with the anxiety. At least I felt normal.
2726	1.0	DO NOT TAKE THIS CRAP! My experience was so bad I actually turned to Burboun to get me out of this hole that buspar put me in. I can only explain it like this: take the most familiar place to you and suddenly this place you know so well doesn't look the same. Like all the furniture got rearranged but nothing moved. Like your home was relocated to the twilight zone. Not cool. Neither are these people who are  taking people off meds that work and handing out garbage like this to save their own skin.
2727	2.0	It took away my ability to sleep. I didn’t notice anything more.
2728	10.0	I have been suffering from SEVERE anxiety all of my life. It was debilitating for me, people around would never know I was experiencing it because I would make myself losing and look happy, when really I was full of anxious energy and worry. I worried about EVERYTHING. Death mostly. It was obsessive. I never wanted try medicine so I just kept dealing with it. Recently, it peaked to the point I could no longer handle it. After researching medications I decided to try BuSpar, specifically for anxiety.  I know most do not see the benefits for at least 2 weeks, however, I’m on day two and I feel “normal”. I have never felt normalcy ever in my life. But I finally feel free of anxIety. I felt dizziness upon the first dose, nothing else yet.
2729	8.0	"I was prescribed Buspirone in October of this year to help with anxiety and a very fast heart beat. When I originally went to see my doctor the very first time my heart rate was 116. Two weeks later, and two weeks after starting Buspirone, my heart rate was 86. It now seems to fluctuate between 98 - 74. 
The first few weeks were miserable and the first week was the worst. I actually ended up quitting  on day 2 because of the dizziness and restarted a week later. When I restarted the symptoms weren't as bad. I still get dizzy sometimes but my doctor said it's most likely because my heart is slowing down."
2730	6.0	"Been on Buspar 6 weeks &amp; 1 day today. Trying to stay the course &amp; not give up till 8 weeks.

On 15mg (3x /day) &amp; titrated my way up over the last 6 wks. Tried 20mg but felt like I took speed &amp; my extremities had very uncomfortable tingling. 

Even at 6 wks when I take my 5mg dose my heart still races &amp; I get dizzy &amp; feel some heightened anxiety about an hour after taking it. Lasts about an hour. I also have some left leg thigh pain now.

I’ve read so much on this drug &amp; it’s hard to know if you should go up or down in dose to get the right level for your body. My pDoc doesn’t seem to know much more than I do. 

In those 6 wks I’ve only had a few hours out of 2 non-consecutive days of anxiety/fear relief.

 I’ll write another review at 8 wks"
2731	10.0	I started Buspar 2 months ago and at first I did have the side effects for the first 3 weeks, but was given anti nausea med and reduced the nausea. Have lost 12 pounds and have kept it off. Eating a little as no changes in what I eat. No sweets. And that makes me happy. And no more anxiety
2732	5.0	"I've been begging for years to take an anti anxiety medication. I was initially diagnosed with depression &amp; anxiety. My neurologist increased my Effexor from 75mg to 150mg/day to treat the numbness and tingling in my feet due to diabetes. I became manic with my driving and spending habits. I was then re-diagnosed as being bipolar. I went years without anxiety medication and had several trips to the hospital with anxiety attacks that felt more like heart attacks. 
I was put on Buspar and took my first dose last night. This morning I couldn't find my wig. I ended up late to work in hopes of locating it. It's not where I left it and I wonder if I was sleep walking. Anyone experience anything similar?"
2733	2.0	I had high hopes that this would help my anxiety but it seems like it made my anxiety a lot worse. I now experience bad nausea and trembling which didn't happen before. I also had low appetite and more severe anxiety attacks.  I took 15mg twice a day for six weeks. Thankfully it doesn't have withdrawal effects but unfortunately it didn't work for me.
2734	9.0	I've been on Buspar for two years. The drug does not 'kick in' quickly, but once it does start working, one notices a nice, quiet calm. (It started working for me after ~ 30 days. )It's nothing like the benzodiazepines (thank goodness) and does not make me feel like a zombie with memory problems like Clonazepam (Klonopin) or Valium, etc. I use this in conjunction with Cymbalta and this combination helps me with both anxiety and depression. The only side effect I notice is that I might sweat a bit more. It is non-addictive, but as with any drug used long-term, one become physically dependent upon Buspar and one should follow a withdrawal schedule formulated by your PCP.
2735	7.0	I augmented my SSRI Lexapro with BuSpar to help bring my initial startup anxiety down the first few weeks of starting an SSRI. I must be one of the lucky people who found BuSpar to be effective because it did greatly relieve my anxiety, especially tapering up my dosage over a few weeks time. I only had to take one Xanax over the period of a month when starting up my SSRI thanks to BuSpar.
2736	2.0	"Overall- waste of money long term because it only works for a few weeks.  Exercise and meditation will be more beneficial.  However, if you're doing exposure therapy in addition to, those few weeks the medicine is working may help you overcome the initial hurdle. 

Initial side effects were dizziness and terrible fatigue.  Only lasted first 3-4 days, then you could feel the medicine start working.  Buspar only worked for two weeks though.  Regardless, I took it 4-5 months while still having regular anxiety attacks.  I started tapering off last week, and thankfully no withdrawal symptoms (not like Xanax).  That is at least a plus."
2737	1.0	"My doctor prescribed Buspar 5mg 3x daily as I eased off Effexor. The Effexor worked great except for the sexual side affects and the hardcore addiction. I have nothing good to say about Buspar. I thought I was losing my mind. Felt severely unbalanced. Nauseated. Confused. Thirsty. Insomnia. You name it! My endocrinologist thought I might be diabetic because of family history. No, it was all the Buspar. Why should something that is suppose to help generalised anxiety make you feel like you are losing it? 

I ended up slowly getting off of Effexor and pitching the Buspar. I need something for generalised anxiety but I am scared of another bad trip."
2738	1.0	After years of klonopin/Xanax &amp; zolft, MY so-called Dr switches me to Buspar&amp; Lexapro. This is the most worthless bunch of junk medicine ever created. It just sent me into benzo withdrawals !!! Horrible ones that last days. I have to find another Dr that had mercy on me and put me back on Xanax.
2739	3.0	I have been on Buspar for about 2 months now for anxiety from keppra. It seems to work sometime but when I get an anxiety or panic attack it hits hard. I was on 5mg twice a day and now my dose is really high. Like today it seems to have no effect. And I'm always lightheaded dizzy fogged out feeling. And my other doctor said to try Xanax.
2740	3.0	"I was prescribed this drug for anxiety I took it home and managed to take it for 2 days but immediately noticed severe insomnia that after two days made me stop taking it. On top of the inability to sleep despite feeling tired I had absolutely zero appetite. In the little over 48 hours I had only managed to eat a handful of cherries... 
However when I was on the drug I did notice less irritability and increased fatigue which I attributed to not sleeping or eating."
2741	8.0	I started out on 5 mg, 3 times day and am now at 10 mg 3-4 times a day. I've experienced no side effects. I do feel less anxiety (constant worry, easily irritated), but feel it come back about 5 hours later. It has taken the edge off of social anxiety but has taken about 2 months to get there. It is a mild anti anxiety med. It doesn't make you feel drugged or spaced out. It helps to give you the ability to stop the anxious thoughts but doesn't seem to do it all for you. I have ADD as well and take Wellbutrin along with Buspar. I have taken Lexapro and although it does wonders for anxiety it also caused me to feel a bit manic over time. Lexapro also wiped out my memory. I have a grandson now and I want to remember and be at my best for him.
2742	1.0	This medication did not work for my anxiety.  BuSpar actually allowed my anxiety to increase with severe insomnia and vivid dreams.  It also caused severe stomach and intestinal problems.  I also experienced dizziness irritability and incoordination.  There are other symptoms from BuSpar these are the main ones that caused me to stop  taking the drug.
2743	2.0	I was on 15 mg of buspirone for many months. I recently lost my job and have a lot of anxiety and depression. I am seeing a psychiatrist who said my dose was too low and upped it to 60 mg a day. I still don't feel like it is working. I am also on Zoloft. I still am having a lot of anxiety. Years ago I was on Ativan and it was a miracle drug for me. I would like to stop the buspirone and just take the Ativan as needed. I see my psychiatrist in a couple weeks and am going to suggest that. I also have the feeling of a huge lump in my throat that I know is stress related.
2744	2.0	Developed anxiety and panic again after not having it for 30 years.  Could  have been triggered by an attack of vertigo.  Dr. put me on Buspar 10mg twice a day.  I was also on Prozac 20 mg once a day and Clonopin 0.5mg once at night for years and felt just fine.  The Buspar made me spacey and did not help the anxiety.  They reduced it to 5mg twice a day.  Still a little spacey and did not help anxiety.  Upped my Clonopin to an extra 0.5mg in morning and 0.25mg in afternoon.  Buspar is not helping.  Going to ask my doctor to change to something else.  Been on it almost a couple of months.  Any help anyone can give me?  Thanks so much.  I am also afraid to be alone at home since hubby works 2nd shift but is going to 1st shift next week which will help.
2745	2.0	I've been on this for about 3 weeks now. At first I thought it was helping my anxiety a bit but then I realized it was just making me tired and loopy after I took it, and that's worn off now (which is good but now I realized it wasn't helping). Giving it 3 stars because it didn't hurt me except for the tired loopy feeling, and I can't orgasm easily at all. Also my appetite is gone so I've lost some weight, which is nice except having no appetite meant I wasn't taking in enough calories so I was even more tired. Basically it was just pointless and didn't help.
2746	10.0	"I used buspar 5mg once every few years.  It's very good for me and very mild.  I tried double dosage once and I was groggy.  But on 5mg, I was perfectly normal.  When I get my anxiety attack (once every decade or so) my hands shake, can't eat, color of my face goes pale....  but immediately soon after taking buspar, I feel much better.

Please note that these medication don't work just as well on everybody.  The nature of psychotropic medication would work wonders on one person, and horribly or not at all one another person.  You gotta keep trying until you find something that works for you."
2747	1.0	"I did not like this medication nor do I recommend it.
 I don't know if I was taking a low dose or a normal dose but I was on 10 mg twice a day. That medication made me feel very tingly, I felt like a rubberband that was stretched pulled, this was a daily feeling, it was scary. 
 I also had feelings of not being able to control myself. For example when washing dishes I felt that I was out of control. So I hurried and washed dishes.
 I took this medication for about 2 months, I stopped taking it. I will never again take it again.
 What did help me with 95% of my anxiety attacks was to stay away from sugar and flour products. Now I rarely have anxiety attacks. More Protein!"
2748	10.0	"I have debilitating anxiety which keeps me from leaving the house many days. Before, I would cry almost daily, even when life was going better. The little things tore me apart. With the buspar... it's like I'm getting ""moments"" back. I still get anxious sometimes, but I have occasional periods of feeling. ... normal. Clear. Simple, natural interactions with family and friends are possible again. As time goes on, I'm experiencing more and more ""moments"" of real life again, or, life before anxiety. Multiple friends have told me I seem much happier. Though I don't particularly think of myself as suddenly "" all sunshine and roses"",  I feel like I have my life back. I'm actually living again."
2749	4.0	I am taking the buspar but it making me feel too relaxed and giving me worse anxiety. My whole body is tingly and I have a huge headache I don't have anything else that to take but I am so afraid to take it - it is Saturday I can't get a hold of my dr. I just don't what to anymore anyone have any ideas
2750	10.0	I started on 5 mg for anxiety caused by my OCD. I got bumped to 7.5 and within 3 days could feel some of the terrible anxiety burn I get in my upper back go away. A month went by and I had a terrible setback with depression because I could no longer could deal with my panic &amp; OCD. Doctor bumped me to 10 mg. Same pattern occurred.... within 3 days I was feeling better. In fact, had the best day in a while. It might just be a coincidence and therapy might be helping in conjunction with, but I notice Buspar does help with my extreme anxiety, but only when I went above 5 mg. I have not noticed any side effects. I'm also taking zoloft, zyprexa 2.5, and klonipin .25. I have endured a lot with panic attacks, OCD, and depression hence all the meds.
2751	7.0	So, I give this 7 out of 10. I'd give it 10 out of 10, but the first week on this was really uncomfortable. I almost stopped using it. I started out at 10 mg buspar once a day and then after a week increased to 10 twice a day . The first week, I won't lie, was a doozy. My psych said that her patients either love it or hate it and it's pretty much 50/50 with little gray area. But since it's inexpensive, been around for a while, and is pretty safe, she likes that to be the first option when dealing with GAD. Fair. The first week, I was really, really dizzy. Felt a bit fuzzy in the head. kind of jumpy. I had to pull over while driving and sit down for a bit. BUT after about two weeks. Whoah. My life is changed. I'm no longer so anxious!!
2752	3.0	"I'm on the fence about this medication, I used it for generalized anxiety disorder which was exacerbated after my mother passed away unexpectedly.
Well I have to say, I was shaky like I was just as anxious, so I though it was the anxiety, so I stopped the medication after 6 months and I am not shaky anymore, I also feel like everything is clearer.
I was on a very light dose 2.5mg three times a day.  Maybe I did not take enough.
So he gave me Lexapro, which I have not started, I am holding out, when I get anxious I take a half of a .25 xanax and it keeps the anxiety away.
So if I was to say I don't think this medication helped very much.  Maybe at a higher dose, I don't know.  I am skeptical about taking anything like this."
2753	5.0	"Works well in combination with an SSRI. I stopped Buspar due to drowsiness and immediate weight gain. I experienced increased appetite and wanted to eat constantly. 
I was diagnosed with Adult Attention Deficit Disorder without Hyperactivity. I currently take Adderall, low dose Wellbutrin XL, and low dose Prozac. 
The Prozac and Wellbutrin XL assist in alleviating depressive symptoms during the winter months. 
Everyone is unique. Talk to your doctor; follow their advice."
2754	3.0	Didn't do anything but make me tired.. started at 15mg and went all the way up to 60mg with no improvement.
2755	9.0	I think buspar is working really well for me.. I also take zoloft and its a great combination so far. I do get a little dizzy but my anxiety was so bad that I'd rather be a little dizzy than anxious..
2756	9.0	Have had anxiety for many years, have tried numerous meds and none worked for long. Because of numerous surgeries I have a high drug tolerance and sometimes weird reactions. After taking Cymbalta for 3 years the excessive sweating just became too much, I am now on Lexapro and was using Clonazapan when an attack would start,concerned about addiction to Clonazapan my doctor suggested Buspar. I started with 7.5 twice a day did not feel much until starting the third week then 10mg 3xs a day. Did have side effects but was encouraged to wait 4wks, so glad I did. 1st time in years and I mean years, I feel like the old me, sleep through the night, no side effects. I encourage you to wait and see before you give up on it, for me well worth it.
2757	8.0	Have been on Buspar for a few months, and I like it a lot! It has made severe and paralyzing anxiety lift to a manageable level, even while taking a low dosage of 10 mg daily. My Dr. told me that I can increase the dosage, since in taking so little it doesn't rid me of anxiety completely (no med can). But I noticed that when I upped my dose my appetite came back more than I would have liked. Essentially, I think it works to strengthen my SSRI (sertraline); and I did have dizziness when I first started and felt pretty bad, but that's common for anti-anxieties and usually goes away as your body gets used to it. I do still find however after I take my morning dose (usually) with coffee I do feel a bit woozy but it usually wears off quickly.
2758	1.0	This stuff is HORRIBLE. Made me very irritated/jumpy/even more anxious. Felt like my mind was racing...felt even more overwhelmed. This is the worst stuff I've been on yet..I had to stop taking it because I couldn't even function right.  This stuff is really, really bad.. doc put me on Lexapro today hopefully that helps!!
2759	7.0	"I've been on bupropion for depression several years with dry mouth being the only side effect. Panic attacks started a couple of years ago. Take Xanax and it works great for me. Last year the panic attacks started occurring more often with severe anxiety this past fall. I didn't want to get addicted to Xanax by taking several times or more a week. Started Buspirone 7.5 mg 2/x per day. I felt relief from my anxiety in about 3 weeks, but around 8-10 week mark I felt like it contributed to weight gain and bloating . Taking 7.5 only once a day lessened side effects. However 3mo. now weight gain is 5-6 lbs (a lot for 5'1""), bloated and water retention none of which is reducing with proper diet, exercise and increased water intake."
2760	1.0	I left a review awhile back, but now I have to revise it. When I first started taking Buspar I was happy with it, but then it stopped working for me. I'm now on the max dosage of 60 mg. I take 30 mg in the morning &amp; 30 mg in the evening, but it is not helping me at all. I still have very bad anxiety, panic attacks &amp; paranoia. Since it isn't doing anything for me I will probably stop taking it.
2761	1.0	I've had panic and general anxiety for years. It's been exacerbated by hormonal changes and menopause, and I've had major trouble getting a full night's sleep. I have used Xanax occasionally and love the way it eliminates my anxiety, but I don't want to get addicted. My doc had me try a low dose Buspar and it didn't work for me at all. Gave me a horrendous headache, very very painful. I tried it for about three days and had the same experience every time. I had to stop taking it since this side effect was debilitating. I was hoping it would work for me, and so glad it works for others. Just putting my experience out there in case others have this problem. I'm trying Celexa now instead and have learned to limit Xanax usage.
2762	8.0	I've long used BuSpar, and it is an odd duck. Alone, it did little, but in combination with other meds it's amazing. Particularly SSRIs. It seems to amplify other meds, from painkillers to Prozac. It's not something I'm afraid to take, the boost is subtle but it definitely helps my anxiety slip away. I've not noticed any sick withdrawal efffects, being off it once for 2 months. I take 30 mg/day in two 15 mg doses.
2763	1.0	I started Buspar because I was having anxiety with the horrendous pain from gallbladder attacks. I started out at 7.5 for three days and then was supposed to advance to 15 mg.  During the week of starting this, I had to have an emergency surgery for my gallbladder.  When I was finally able to take this consistently, I found that I suffered from insomnia, felt restless and nervous, dizzy, and down right horrible. I have taken it less than a week and I have an appointment to see the doctor tomorrow.  If I stop taking this, will I have withdrawal symptoms?  Or should I do this gradually?  My gallbladder symptoms are gone and my body feels great after the surgery.  Any suggestions?
2764	8.0	I've been on Buspar for 7 days, and I have already noticed that my life-long intrusive thoughts/rumination have died down a lot. I have also noticed a decrease in social anxiety. I'm taking 15mg a day, 7.5 morning/evening. I wasn't on anything before, so I have nothing to compare to but my untreated state.
2765	3.0	Needed something for severe anxiety and this worked really well at first. I was amazed at how well it worked for the first month and then it all went downhill from there which is strange because I have read it takes a month to work in some people. Was taking 2 doses a day and it worked great but it was short lived. Tried 3 doses a day and that only made it worse. Just felt horrible on it after a couple of months. Maybe it will  work for you but it was not for me
2766	1.0	"I started taking buspar about 2 months ago. I started having ""brain zaps"" and I thought it was temporary. It was not. I started getting water retention and I wanted to eat more than usual. I also was extremely irritable constantly. 

I was told to take 5mg twice daily. I started with half a pill then after a week the whole pill 2x daily. 

I since then I decreased my dose to half. Now I'm off completely.  All of the side effects have stopped almost immediately.  No brain zaps, irritability decreased slowly, and water retention stopped. 

This pill didn't do anything except all of the bad. On the positive side - getting off of it does not give you severe withdrawal."
2767	1.0	I have Epilepsy as well as Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I have been taking Klonopin and my Doctor is concerned about addictive behavior, so she put me on Buspar and decreased Klonopin. After the first dose, I had a massive panic attack (which can trigger seizures) so I also had a seizure in which I had to go to the E.R for. It also made my hands and feet sweaty, I was shaky all over, and always anxious. I was very appreciative that my doctor let me get off of Buspirone because it is just awful! I would not recommend it to anyone, especially patients who have epilepsy!
2768	3.0	I'm a 32 year old male and I've been taking buspar for about 10 months. At first it did nothing but make my anxiety worse. I would wake up with to full blown panic attacks and have the worse nightmares ever. However I'm now taking 40mg of citaloptam a day mixed with the buspar 15mg and 1mg of xanax twice a day. And Zanax! I have  insomnia mixed with with deep anxiety issues. The problem that I have is the buspar makes me so fat! I'm literally considering stop taking it and just see of the other meds can help. Buspar Alone is no  substitution for anxiety drug and wouldn't recommend it...
2769	7.0	Good medicine
2770	1.0	This drug is awful. My Dr. took me off my klonopin because she was worried about addictive behavior.   This drug i only took ! time and will not take again. It made me very dizzy, sick to my stomach, my hear was racing. It basically gave me the worst panic attack I've ever had. Odd since this is supposed to be for anxiety. I understand the risk with taking benzos but it the only thing that has ever helped me. I would recomend never taking buspar.
2771	5.0	I am always hungry since starting Buspar and getting fat! But it does help with anxiety. Doctor denies it can cause weight gain. How can I stop gaining weight and lose??
2772	8.0	I have severe panic disorder for years now. I've been taken off ativan and put on buspar, 15mg 3 times a day. I feel amazing. no full blown panic attacks in weeks, thats a true miracle for me. my appetite is low, and I'm losing much needed weight. I'm also on neurontin for anxiety, lexapro for anxiety and depression. I have to say, this is the best I've felt in over 10 years. this buspar works for me, amazing drug.
2773	3.0	I tried buspar in addition to 200mg of zoloft. it was meant to enhance the zoloft. Unfortunately , it didn't work for me. I was on it for about 5 months, and during that time i kept having on and off discomfort , like my heart was beating harder,my stomach was always really bloated, my body heat would rise and I'd have a hard time cooling down. The symptoms were so mild I didn't really pay much attention to it, but after a while i got tired of the negative side effects and decided to call it quits. Almost immediately after i stopped taking the medication, all of those negative symptoms went away so I definitely know it was the buspar. if anyone has similar side effects, just stop the medication after two weeks max, its not worth it.
2774	8.0	"I was just wondering what does everyone started out at, and if and when they knew to increase.
I am currently at 5mg 2x day, I originally started out just taking 5mgs once a day at night, and then just recently increased to 5mgs 2xs a day. I know that is has helped, but i am still waking up anxious, and having some breakthrough anxiety in the day. I was wondering how others increased their does, and how they knew when they were at the right does for them."
2775	10.0	"I can say, Buspar (Buspirone) has helped me.  I am also on 40 mg Citalopram once day and 5 mg Buspar twice daily.  
 I have experienced way less anxiety, able to enjoy life better."
2776	9.0	Buspar (or buspirone hydrochloride) works very well for me.  I have severe social anxiety and i never could talk to people.  It's still weird sometimes talking to people but i don't feel as nervous while I'm talking or when people i don't know start a conversation with me. I was taking xanax before but that wasn't working. Buspar works much better and is much safer in my opinion. I take 60 mgs a day,  15 mgs in the morning,  15mgs in the afternoon and 30mgs in the evening. It's very effective.
2777	1.0	Just a little back story for you I am on low-dose Suboxone for opiate addiction that I had throughout most of my twenties (I'm 30 years old now  ; I also have anxiety) . For the past 6 months my .50 milligrams of Suboxone has helped me be clean and sober without any Cravings whatsoever !!   On day 4 of taking Buspar,  I started drug seeking Behavior . Literally was a wreck.  I was told that this would not have any interactions , that was clearly not the case with me . Please use with caution if you're an addict. It was literally a nightmare =(
2778	9.0	Before starting buspirone I read some awful reviews on it which made me not want to take it. I am now glad that I did start taking it as I've had zero side effects and it is slowly making me feel a little more human.
2779	7.0	"23 male, been taking buspar for 3 years now for anxiety/ocd with intrusive thoughts. I originally started with 10mg 2x a day. Took about 2-3 weeks to take effect, after that I really noticed a difference in my anxiety and intrusive thoughts. It really helped me get through the day and feel normal. I occasionally still had panic attacks that would eventually pass with drinking a bunch of water and sometimes taking an extra ""helper"" dose. Recently switched to 3x a day still at 10mg since the med doesn't seem to last as long as it used to. Still occasionally take a ""helper"" dose to fall asleep. Side affects were/still are antsy legs, dizziness, drowsiness, and extreme appetite all for only about 30 min. Overall better than anti-depressants."
2780	9.0	Buspar has been a godsend for me. First, was on 10mgs twice a day. Now I'm on 15mgs twice a day. No side effects and I've had no need for benzos since. On one year now.
2781	1.0	It didn't help at all with the panic attacks and actually made my anxiety worse. The first few weeks it would just put me to sleep. After four weeks I became very depressed and had suicidal thoughts constantly throughout the day. It gave me horrible headaches, it made me really dizzy all the time and I felt lightheaded and nauseous often. After four weeks I could not sleep at all and my anxiety increased along with the panic attacks. I don't recommend this medicine for anyone who has suffered PTSD or who has had high anxiety levels for a long time. It just makes things worse. After five weeks I stopped taking this medication I could no longer handle the side effects.
2782	1.0	I was prescribed Buspar for anxiety. If I knew that Buspar had the side effects that I got, I would never drink it. I drank it for 4 days only and it almost got me killed. I started having panic attacks, I could hardly breath, I had electric shocks, brain zaps,  horrible medicine. I quit right away. Little I knew that quitting even after 4 days would cause side effects. I could not sleep for 2 weeks afterwards, I thought I was dying. Horrible medicine. I will never drink any anti-depressants or anti-anxiety medicin that is not natural!!!!
2783	10.0	I was recently prescribed Cymbalta for depression.  It helped but I felt very jittery and anxious on it. My doctor added Buspar and now I feel very much calmer and in control. I take 30 mgs twice a day.
2784	10.0	Anxiety was eating me alive! Finally I went to my Dr to ask for help. I started with 7.5 mg twice a day and she worked me up to 15mg twice a day. I feel so much better! I'm sleeping like a log now because anxiety is not keeping me awake or waking me up. I do feel hot and a little shaky about 20 minutes after I take it but it don't last very long, maybe 30 minutes. I'm also losing some much needed weight. Probably because I'm not eating at night since I'm actually sleeping through the night for the first time in my life! This stuff changed my life for the better!
2785	8.0	I have been taking buspar for 4 months now and it has helped pretty well for my anxiety. I take 3 10mg a day. I mostly like it because it helps with the extra anxiety and slight depression i get from the come down off of my adderall i take for adhd every day too. The only side effects I've had from the buspar has been nausea but as long as i eat a little bit of food whenever i take them it subsides that pretty well so i would recommend it to anyone with the same situation.
2786	10.0	I have taken buspar for 5 months. Prescribed max dose of 15mg 4x/day. It took a couple weeks to actually notice the difference. I don't feel like a zombie after taking it. I really just came to the realization one day while driving to work, an activity that used to leave me recovering from an anxiety attack, was suddenly a very simple task. My social anxiety, much improved. It's very subtle, but after sticking with it, I can look back and I see that it changed my life. It does make me sleepy, in a walking around functioning while yawning kind of way and I get a lot of headaches. The good definitely outweighs The bad. I can take a lower dosage on easy days and still have a positive outcome. also take 150mg of Zoloft and 25 mg Wellbutrin
2787	9.0	"It has done great for me. I used to ""bite my kids' heads off"" in the mornings and startle a lot easier, for examples. I can also take it in small doses at a time to keep from sleeping all day from the side effects."
2788	1.0	"was on 20 mg Cipralex  then doctor added q
150 Buspar within 2 weeks my anxiety and depression got a lot worse, trouble sleeping and uncontrolled shaking Not for me"
2789	1.0	Started a 90 day prescription right after I had my daughter and it was horrible. Gave me anxiety and terrible panic attacks. I had to hop in a cold shower once. I felt as if I was gonna have a heart attack or my chest explode. Just got prescribed wellbutrin hoping to have better luck.
2790	8.0	My anxiety was extremely bad and I had tried lexapro but the side effects for me were horrible; so my doctor started new on BuSpar. I've been on it now going on two weeks and I can say I do feel a slight difference. My anxiety is still there but not as bad... I'm still having attacks off and on but I'm going to stick with this and give it some more time. The only side effect I have is the dizziness but I've learned if I eat even just a piece of toast that it helps with that. Other than that no side effects. I say if your suffering give this a try and stick with it.
2791	8.0	I had depression for years and in that last 8 months that turned into anxiety that gave severe shoulder and abdominal pain , sweaty palms and pounding heart , ruined my career and my social life and affected my decision making . Finally after trying to fight it with out using medication I had to go see a doctor because I couldn't take it anymore , doctor gave me buspirone and recomanded 3x 5mg a day . I started with 1 5mg every 24 hours and I can tell a difference , I am calm and I sleep better . The physical pain is almost gone which I assume was happening due to surge of my stress hormones which are now under control . It has been 3 days of peace and quite and hope it stays this way .
2792	8.0	"One week on, started full dose yesterday. 30m. 
No side effects, and no haziness.
I get slightly dizzy but doesn't interfere with walking. 
I have tried 3 others before this, And each time I had flu symptoms, couldn't leave the bathroom, couldn't work or take care of my children.
This medicine has been nothing but great for me, I haven't had a headache or the tremors for a few days which is already life changing! I can focus, and I have slowly realized that my mind is quieting down:) if nothing has worked for you, please give this a try! No addiction to it they say.. 
I'm excited that I feel this great:) I can't wait to see what next week and the week after is. I'm looking forward to tomorrow, which is a foreign feeling. 
Good luck:)"
2793	10.0	Tried all the benzodiazepines with no luck. Then they tried Buspar and it changed my life.
2794	3.0	I am on Buspar and 5 milligrams once a day I feel that if I take it all at once and it does not work I am so lost because I can't stand this dizziness nausea in my stomach my feet feel like they're falling out from underneath me I really am lost the doctor wants me to stay on it but I do not want to up it because I feel like I keep going through these side effects over and over again every day due to the fact of it being Half-Life what do I do from here
2795	7.0	I initially was prescribed this a few months ago at 10 mg 3xd, but it made me headachy and almost made my anxiety worse, so I quit taking it. I cannot take benzos, and recently am having more problems with anxiety, so I'm trying it at 5 mg 3xd. Now I see what others have been talking positively about. It's very subtle, but apparently I was just taking too much for my system before. So far, so good.
2796	7.0	I was taking ativan from a friend for my slight anxiety issue. It was 1mg I stopped it for two weeks started getting weird feelings in my head. Then had panic attack for the first time. Turns out I'm addicted to the ativan. My doctor gave me .5 ativan didn't stop the attacks and couldn't function right. I had to take a full 1 mg to function. When ever I don't take it I get a panic attack. Well my PcP gave me buspar and been doing better. I been on it two days he wants me to take 15 mg four times a day but that's too much I take 7.5 and feel normal. Taking a full 15 mg is a no no. But at the right dosage it works. Hopefully soon to kick the ativan out. Of missed worked because of this ativan problem. I don't suggest taking any benzodiazepines.
2797	9.0	I began taking buspar about six weeks ago. I am not a fan of benzos because they are addictive, I prefer to function with a clear head rather than popping a pill that sedates me so badly that maybe I'm not feeling my anxiety, but I'm also not living my life or doing much else either. Buspar has changed my life, I had completely forgotten what it was like to have a quiet mind until now. My obsessive thoughts subsided, I can leave my house without fear, I can speak to my friends and to strangers without profusely sweating and trembling, and I can drive again now that I'm not so easily stimulated. It takes a few weeks to feel the full effect, so hang in there if you just began.
2798	7.0	Helps so much.
2799	10.0	I was suffering from such bad anxiety that I felt desperate. I wanted it gone so I waited the six weeks it took to get into a psychiatrist. She prescribed me Buspar and within the first day the meds started to kick in. I took the first dose and then the second as she prescribed me 5mg twice a day to start. I could feel the chemicals in my brain changing and suppressing the anxiety and it was a relief! Let me warn you though, anyone with true anxiety also suffers from depression too so once the anxiety is taken care of with Buspar the depression comes on so much stronger! I'm on Zoloft and Buspar. Used to just be on Paxil until it stopped working.
2800	7.0	I suffer from anxiety,depression and PTSD.  This medicine has proven to be a great alternative over a benzo.  Being non habit forming is the best par .  I do get headaches and fatigue but it is better then the side effects associated with benzo.  I recommend this to anyone looking for a non addictive alternative to zanex
2801	9.0	"I'm returning to Buspar after seven years off. Started having chronic anxiety attacks again after my wife's hysterectomy. Wish I could remember my old dosage. I tend to be drug sensitive and the 30 mg. dosage made me fuzzy. The PA that did this script was a little overzealous.

Doing well on just the 15 mg. even if it is a self-adjusted dosage. After a few weeks I can have a talk with our MD and he'll probably leave it at 15 or 20."
2802	2.0	My Dr. Prescribed due to it low dosage. And that I didn't want to take meds. I became so helpless after years of trying to cope with anxiety on my own, I finally reached a point where medicine was my only hope.  It kicked in quickly, my obssesive thoughts stopped, then dosage would wear off so I started taking a higher dosage, then it made me become upset, super emo crying, not myself and finally realized it was  buspar. Cut back dosage again. It made me tired all the time, couldn't concentrate, weird dreams, and loss of interest in things. Was not a good fit, I finally had to ask Dr for something else after a year it didn't work all together except for stopping obssesive thoughts. It also gave me brain zaps, memory loss, and space cadet syndr
2803	2.0	I've been on Busiprone (10 mg twice a day) for about 2 weeks now and I have seen no improvement. My sleep is jacked up from it from either interupted sleep or vivid dreams. I dont think I'm going to continue to use it. Xanax seemed to be the only thing that has helped me so far..
2804	10.0	I started taking Buspar 5mg twice a day due to anxiety of my Mom being in the hospital. Let me tell you how it affects me...positively. I take it along with Prozac 20mg once a day and the combination works WONDERS for me. I take both in the morning and the Buspar in the afternoon around 4pm. What a difference!!
2805	10.0	Diagnosed with general anxiety disorder.  Would have obsessive thoughts non stop, losing sleep sometimes.  Started taking buspar 5mg twice a day.  Hands felt tingling and head a little cloudy but no other real side affect.  Increased up to 10mg.  Immediately saw improvement, no more obsessive thoughts that would normally slow me at my work.  Been on it for almost a year now and have no side affects.
2806	10.0	"I have had anxiety for 10 years and had given up all hope for a normal life.  Last year i was prescribed Buspar 15mg a day and it did nothing for me.  On one of my many visits to the mental hospital I was told to try bumping it up to 40mg.  A week later I had my first anxiety free day.  It's now been 7 months and I haven't had a single anxiety day.  I have finally started to love again, I feel normal.  My doctor said that because it's not addictive and doesn't lose its effects over time like Benzos I can continue to take it indefinitely so I will.  If you're on it and it's not working perhaps you may need more

For me it's finally given me my life back"
2807	3.0	Well this medication improved my mood related to possible social anxiety but on the 3 day of taking I had some psychosis related side effects in aggravation then started to get very hyper but depressed bad experience
2808	5.0	"I connect so much with ""Frustrated Fenway Fan""'s post..I have almost disabling anxiety. I started having panic attacks at eleven years old.....I am now 33. The entire time I was treated with Xanax which I NEVER once abused...my former doctor abruptly stopped prescribing it to me because he caught wind that I had spent a year and a half fighting an opiate addiction, Suboxone saved my life...but although that is all in the past and I don't even take that medication anymore....it is on my medical history! Now.NO ONE will prescribe me any sort of benzodiazepine. I have just been prescribed Buspar. I pray it works. I just want my life back."
2809	10.0	"BEST medication I've ever taken for anxiety. I was skeptical to take it because of some negative reviews, but I figured, what the heck, what have I got to lose?? 
 I plan on staying on buspar for a long long time. It's allowed me to be more outgoing and get involved more in social situations. Have a positive attitude, try it, and I think you'll love it too!"
2810	10.0	I have tried many other anxiety medications. This took about 4 weeks to work but is great. I'm 34 years old and have had anxiety since I was a teenager. This is the best I have felt in my adult life. Also taking Prozac once daily. Great combination.
2811	1.0	So, Buspar does nothing for me at all. I may as well have been taking a sugar pill all this time. My doctor felt that since I was only 30 years old, the Benzo that I had been on for the last 4 years that greatly helped me, was out of the question because SOME folks abuse it. REALLY?! If your anxiety is intense and life ruling like mine is, please look into a Benzo. Hopefully you'll have a doctor that is actually out to HELP you.
2812	2.0	Buspar 5 mg twice daily for possible anxiety induced difficulty failing asleep. First week good, second week less helpful for sleep, then onset of extreme hip, bilateral leg weakness with feeling of extreme leg muscle fatigue, start mid afternoon, worse by bedtime every night, required pain med to allow sleep. Discontinued.
2813	2.0	My doctor first started me on buspar over two years ago, probably at 16. Slowly throughout the years we've had to increase it until about a year ago, when I reached the maximum 60mg and I had to finally ask my doctor for something else. But I mean that's what you get with medication, it's all pretty much trial and error
2814	5.0	I've had severe anxiety and depression for many years and have tried many meds. For me, BuSpar wasn't very effective, even at the maximum dose of 60mg/day. It also caused me very restless legs at night, which was extremely troublesome. I couldn't lie still for even ten seconds. I also got brain zaps. My doctor thinks I should remain on BuSpar, so these days I take only 10mg/day as a backup to my other meds. I don't have the side effects at the lower dose.
2815	7.0	I started this medication on a low, as needed, 5mg dose back in August after I started a new job with a high level of stress. Taking it twice a day as needed worked for awhile with no major side effects. Working this stressful job full time, classes, and being a newly wed young adult was taking it's toll and I finally had a nervous breakdown at work, uncontrollable sobbing, hyperventilating, the works. I went to the doctor and we've upped it from 5mg BID PRN to 15mg twice daily. I'm currently taking 7.5mg twice daily to get used to the increased dose. The only side effects I'm dealing with is nausea, but it goes away eventually.
2816	10.0	Takes 6-8 weeks to work but it works better than anything I've tried. I've had anxiety for years and have tried a long list of meds.
2817	1.0	I was on this back in the 80's while hospitalized for depression. It was a  horrible drug it made my mouth dry and talking difficult. Also, it must have made me say things I don't recall saying because during one appointment with the psychiatrist in the hospital, he wrote a comments he thought I said which I hadn't (I later saw the reports)!
2818	10.0	Wait 6 weeks but it helps before then too. I have been on it at 25 mg a day for a year.  Just recently I have been in a traumatic situation and I ramped up the dosage to 40/50 mg to help. It has been a huge help and I only have taken 2 Ativan during this three week ordeal. I think Buspar for me makes me tired when I am not anxious and is a huge help when I am. It seems to cut the adrenaline levels and that is what works for me without the sexual side effects that SSRIs have.
2819	1.0	After extreme weight gain on SSRIs, I thought buspar would be my miracle drug. I was totally wrong. After day two I had such bad twitches/tremors and my jaw seemed to locked for short periods of time. Went to emergency due to the side effects causing panic attacks.
2820	10.0	I've been on this medication for 8 months now &amp; really like it.  I take a combination of Buspirone &amp; Mirtazapine which keeps me level with no anxiety.  My racing thoughts are gone.  I was waking up all night every hour with racing thoughts.  Now I'm able to sleep &amp; have a calm mind both while waking &amp; sleeping.  One thing I do notice is that it gives me the munchies for sweets.  I'm working to curb that with healthy snacks instead.  Sometimes it does make me slightly light headed, but to me that's a relaxing feeling that helps me stay calm.  I'm able to stay focused and am doing better on my job &amp; in my personal life than ever before.  I really love this medication &amp; give it a thumbs up for anxiety!
2821	2.0	"I started taking Busbar earlier this year.
I'm unable to work due to severe depression, severe anxiety, and PTSD.  Initially, it eased my muscles and eased my anxiety better than xanax.

Since I have been on it, my face is fat and I've gained weight in places where I have never had a problem.  My formerly long thick hair is thin.  My skin became thin and dry.  At one point, I had patches of hair missing; through prayer, it's coming back.

Today I was so disgusted with the changes and prayed for a reason as to why these things were happening.It came to me to look up the side effects of busbar and BAM, they were all there.  

Warning this stuff can cause alopecia.  I'm going to stop taking it."
2822	10.0	Noticed a change immediately.  Started out on 5mg twice a day for two weeks, then upped to 10mg twice a day.  Work in surgery so pretty stressful work.  I couldnt sleep the night before cases thinking about all the bad things that could happen.  Once I started taking buspar those thoughts went away and I could get a full nights rest.  I am clear headed and focused at work, whenever negative thoughts creep in my head I am able to dispel them with relative ease.
2823	10.0	I was put om buspar due to getting custody of my niece and nephew from dhr and getting a promotion to a new much more stressful job. The buspar helped keep me calm enough to focus at the tasks before me and help me get through my day to day life. I was super stressed and scared bc of all of the changes in my life and buspar helped me calm down and cope
2824	8.0	I started taking this medication during a particularly stressful period in my life and continued it for about a year.  It got me through a divorce and kept me within my stress threshold.  I stopped taking it when I started feeling like I was on stable ground and had little if any withdrawal symptoms.  After about a year, another stressful situation came up with my little sister tried to kill herself and I was in my first semester back to college with a full course load, trying to be a single mom to the best of my ability at the same time.  It definitely doesn't work as strongly as it did the first round, but it makes the stress level manageable.  It feels like he rock sitting on my chest has been removed, and then I can think through things
2825	1.0	This is the first anxiety medicine I have ever been on, and it is by far the worst experience ever. My moods are anxious, depressed, and irritable. At first, I thought I was just overwhelmed with school and work, after reading some other reviews, I realized it's the Buspar doing it to me. If I take one due to an anxiety attack, about an hour later I am crying and talking about how much I hate myself, then about 30 minutes after that stops, I get extremely irritable and everything makes me mad. I've quit taking it until my follow up appointment and I can get it changed. I will never try this again.
2826	1.0	If I could rate a 0 I would. While I was on it for only 4 weeks I became extremely irritable and was constantly hating myself. Worst meds I've ever been on and I've tried a lot.
2827	9.0	Started taking Buspar to cope with the increased anxiety that Welbutrin gave me. I eventually got off Welbutrin because of the awful side effects, but stayed on the Buspar. It definitely helps to relax me mentally. I feel physically relaxed too, and my anxious habits such as bouncing my leg and drumming my fingers have been reduced, plus some of the racing thoughts and constant worrying have been dulled (although not completely cured.) The only side effect so far has been slight dizziness at times  and I feel slightly less coordinated at times. This hasn't been a deal breaker at all, however, and I'm sure these symptoms will go away with time. I'd recommend this for mild anxiety.
2828	5.0	Hello all! I took this medication for around two months, and it helped with my anxiety, but caused me to become apathetic. I simply couldn't be bothered to do anything! It was horrible!
2829	1.0	My dr added buspar twice a day while on lexapro already. Took for about a week. Every time I took it about an hour later all I wanted to do was kill myself. It would go away for a while and then once I took it again, the same feelings came back. Took it for about a week and stopped after I couldn't take the feelings anymore. Feelings stopped immediately. Would never try this again.
2830	10.0	I love this med no side effects no problems at all just stopped my massive anxiety problems I was having almost weekly and I mean want to run to get out of my skin anxiety.. Panic attacks to the max
2831	1.0	"I took BuSpar for a few days for Generalized Anxiety Disorder, but it cause a ""tic"" in my eye. My eyelid would flicker uncontrollably every once in a while. Apparently this is pretty serious, and can actually be permanent even after ending the medication, which was very scary. Luckily for me, the tic went away when I stopped taking it."
2832	9.0	"I have GAD, and after three years of taking care of  my younger brother who has severe GAD  as well as going through an episode of pyschosis, I was told by my pdoc that I have ""caregiver's burnout"".
I was prescribed 20 mgs of Paxil every day and 15mg of Buspirone (Buspar) twice a day. It has been nearly a month now on these meds and I do see an improvement. I'm not sure which one is helping me more but my anxiety level has gone from an 8 or 9 every day to about a 5. I hope to see continued improvement."
2833	1.0	After my first dose on Sunday, I had a terrible migraine. I decided to take it once a day at night until I get used to it. I took it at night instead of taking it at the beginning of my 12 hour shifts (I'm a nurse). Yesterday was my first day of taking it twice a day as prescribed. I took the second dose at 10 PM. I woke up at 2 AM this morning with extreme dizziness and a profusely bleeding nose. I thought I was dizzy because of my allergy meds and being sleepy and I explained the bloody nose as being related to allergies. I went to work again today after taking my morning dose at 6 AM. At 10 AM I once again had a bleeding nose. I checked my blood pressure, and it was in the 150s when it normal runs less than 100. Will never take again
2834	10.0	"I have been taking Buspar and Celexa and as far as the anxiety it has helped me a lot..I was having bad heart palpitations and it's gone..no more headaches either..what I did was I started talking Celexa at night and I take Buspar 2-3 times a day. 
I can't say I'm completely ok because the Celexa needs to be in your system at least 6-8 weeks before you start feeling better....I'm feeling a little better. And not having Anxiety truly helps. I'm still haven't been able to go to work because of how scared I am to get an anxiety attack but I'm already starting to consider it. Believe me when I tell you I was on the verge of being committed...give it a chance not all our systems are the same.

Good luck"
2835	8.0	So I have read several posts and here is my response. This is my second time on Buspar and I was prescribed 7.5. I didn't like the dizzy feeling and I had trouble focusing so I cut my dose in half. Broke the pills. After very light dizziness with the 3.1 dose I am feeling good. I know the doctor prescribed one dosage but if you continue to feel sick after a few days just lower your dose and start from there. You're going to feel weird for the first few days anyways as your body adjusts. The Meds work great. In the beginning when I was getting upset I could feel the medicine trigger something to keep me calm. The more I tried to get upset or was experiencing anxiety, the more weird I felt it's been 2 weeks now..
2836	6.0	I take Buspar 5mg twice a day for anxiety. After a week, I will then take Buspar 10mg twice a day. I have only been taking it 4 days now. I also take Paxil 50 mg daily and Adderall 10 mg twice daily. So far I have had no side effects from the Buspar except slight dizziness and lack of appetite. So far those are tolerable.
2837	5.0	I have really bad anxiety and I've pretty much tried everything. I take kaldopins for panic attacks and they work but I needed something for daily issues. This medicine really worked but omg I can't handle the side effects. Everyday I have a migraine or I'm nauseous or puking.
2838	10.0	Take only as necessary. 2.5 mg- 5mg. only when necessary. Been taking for years when I feel nervous and have a tension headache. Works great to relax me. 30-10 mg pills can last a year for me
2839	5.0	Took this medication for a few months after being diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. It did work fairly well in decreasing my symptoms of anxiety, but the side effects were just too much to handle. The first time I took it (my doc prescribed me a low dose, I think it was 5mg if I remember right) I was knocked out in about 30 minutes and slept for 5 hours straight, not to mention this was in the middle of the day. Also caused extreme dizziness that I had a hard time functioning with. I thought the drowsiness, dizziness, and weakness that it caused might subside after taking it for awhile, but I took it for about three months and these side effects still persisted.
2840	5.0	"I am new to the anxiety realm, and have already tried a few different meds (xanax, ativan, buspar) and so far buspar has shown the most promise. However, even on buspar I still experience sporadic chest pressure, sharp pains in the chest, brain buzz, and muscle twitches. Today the chest issues were so bad that I had to take a xanax.

I am typically against prescribed meds, and this is really the first time in my life taking them. The side effects and other dangers scare the crap out of me, but I need to figure out how to subdue my anxiety.

Does anyone have any suggestions?"
2841	4.0	I did not like this medication. For anxiety, I have also tried Hydroxyzine (Atarax). I guess this is just my personal body chemistry but I actually prefer Atarax to this unlike most people. This made me VERY lightheaded and dizzy. I can't exactly remember the effect it had on anxiety, I think it may have helped a little.
2842	6.0	"I too have been experiencing dramatic weight loss with buspar. Just read the last comment and pretty much spot on. I don't get hungry anymore. I'm a 5'7"" female who weighed 175lbs. and now I'm down to 120lbs. After two   months of this medicine. Also I noticed I seem to be having some severe OCD thoughts while taking this medicine. In the beginning it was all smooth sailing and now it seems like it's not working. Going to try another medicine."
2843	1.0	I was not able to function on this medication. I took one half of my pill as directed. 30 mins later I was hot, felt sick, everything irritated me. I was dizzy. I had to lay on my couch for 3 hours. I will never take this again.
2844	8.0	I have looked up the research regarding weight loss or loss of appetite while on Buspar and it seems as though more people gain weight or have an increased appetite.  Has anyone experienced weight loss or loss of appetite?  Maybe it's nausea (though I don't necessarily feel 'nauseous') but I have no appetite - at all.  As far as the effectiveness on my anxiety - I feel good, almost 'normal', if you will.  Nothing like taking Buspar for anxiety (mostly health anxiety) to have it make me think sometime is wrong because I have no appetite. However, the thought of 'something is wrong' is fleeting since Buspar. Wondering if anyone has had loss of appetite or weight loss.  -Hoping you have an anxiety-free day
2845	8.0	I'm 15 years old and before being on this I was a MESS. I was so anxious all the time I left school and it was just so bad I didn't hang out with friends for months but after being on it I can't even begin to explain how great I feel. I never feel nervous or anxious for ANYTHING I'm back at school , going to football games , hanging with friends everyday , and making new ones . This is the BEST. I have felt in so so long , probably ever! I'm so thankful for this medication ! It takes about 3 months for it to actually work but I HIGHLY suggest it!!!!!
2846	5.0	Hey I was on Buspirone and it didn't seem to work and all I did was cut out my friends and act like a loser.
2847	8.0	"I developed depression and anxiety after my divorce 11 years ago.  It comes and goes but normally some stress or change in my life can trigger it.  Sometimes it is mild, and sometimes it pretty tough to deal with.  I exercise a lot, try to eat healthy, keep booze to a minimum but it can be hard to shake.  I have tried several anti-depressant's over the without much luck.  Even though anxiety and depression tend to go hand in hand, I find anxiety to be harder to deal with.

Anyway... My doctor recently suggest that I try BusPar.  I read up on it and thought why not?  It has only been a week (and I know it can take weeks to take effect), but I seem to be seeing some improvement.  I am not as ""consumed"" with anxiety as a week ago."
2848	3.0	Have been on a few SSRIs (Paxil, Lexapro, and Zoloft).  Zoloft pulled me out of a dark hole of severe anxiety and insomnia and kept my head above water for about a year but I never felt great on it, just able to cope with life plus I still needed ativan for sleep which I didn't like but it helped.  Decided to try Buspar.  Wad fairly easy to get on, minimal side effects, a lot of brain zaps, though.  Mood improved after about 2 weeks, for about a week, then it just stopped working and anxiety came back hard.  Also I had bad insomnia the whole time on it, even before, but this didn't help in any way.  Had pretty disturbing nightmares when I did sleep.  Insomnia and decline in mood forced me to get off.  Took for a month.  Was at 30mg 3 x day.
2849	4.0	Okay so buspar was the first medicine I took and it helped with my anxiety tremendously but the side effects sucked. I'm a female and only weigh about 115 so I'm not sure if that's why the side effects impacted me so much or what. The first day I was on it, I was fine. The only problem was I felt a little dizzy after the first 10 min of taking it but then I was fine and I would go about my regular day and I felt amazing. I took this pill everyday for about 4 days and felt fine but then one day after I took it, I was so dizzy, I could barely stand up and then I felt nauseous all day long. It was not fun. So it's kind of a hit or miss with this medicine. You either take it and feel fine or you'll have bad side effects. At least for me anyways
2850	10.0	I was taking Buspar along with Proactive and Xanax for 5 years...I felt great, so I stopped the Buspar.  Within the last 2 months I have had to completely detox off Xanax, and it was a nightmare, I hope to never feel that way again...long story short, I'm back on my Buspar along side my Prozac and I can't remember feeling this good...The fog has lifted! !! My anxiety is all but nothing....I have never had side effects from Buspar either, and I take 15mgs twice a day. For those of you that have an anxiety disorder, this medication is definitely worth trying because you can cope so much better without all the hazy side effects from benzos. BEST OF LUCK!
2851	9.0	Buspar has changed my life! I absolutely love this medication. I suffer from phobias and health anxiety and this medication has worked wonders for me. As a nurse, I didn't want anything addictive and this was my miracle. I tried Ativan and it didn't even touch my anxiety. I have had no side effects with the Buspar and it has helped me to relax and feel like myself again! I highly recommend it!
2852	8.0	I was prescribed Buspar a few months ago after consistent failures with various benzos. I took 10mg x day for a while and felt nothing, went up to 20mg x day and kind of felt something, and basically I am now on 40mg x day and I can finally feel it working. It has helped significantly with my anxiety and has relieved the sexual side effects from Prozac. I take my second dose of the day at night with my Trazodone, and it has completely eradicated my fluctuating tolerancy issues with the Trazodone. I never got the brain zaps, but I occasionally get long-lasting headaches, bouts of anger, and fairly awful nightmares. Other than that, it has helped with my GAD quite a bit and is generally more helpful than not.
2853	1.0	Been on Buspar for 6 weeks and I'm not feeling any better. My anxiety is mild compared to most but the irritability and sometimes nervous feeling is why I elected to try Buspar. So far at  6 weeks I haven't felt any benefits. The dizziness has been hard to deal with although I found some relief with 25 - 50 mg. Dramamine.
2854	9.0	My son is in high school and has taken this for 7 months. It changed his life. His anxiety over school was out of control to the point he had to be inter graded back into school. He tried Ativan and had horrible side effects and he was reluctant to try anything else after that. After about 3 months on the Buspar he walks tall into school. No more looking over his shoulder or panic attacks out to f nowhere. We wish he would've taken this years ago. The only side effect he complains of is tiredness and occasional headache. The tiredness was more so in the beginning. Those side effects are minuscule compared to his anxiety before taking Buspar.
2855	1.0	No help with anxiety
2856	1.0	"I was only on this for a few days until I got a tick inm y left eye and my doctor said I had to discontinue. Research indicates that in rare cases these facial ticks could be permanent which is scary. I also experienced ""brain shocks/zaps""."
2857	8.0	First off. Side effects.... Brain zaps. Pounding heart, foggy feeling. First 3 weeks I felt the need for a lot less Ativan. The worry stopped and blood pressure came down . I'm on 5mg per day. Around week 5 I started to notice my blood pressure going back up. Acid reflux and a little nausea. Pounding heart back. I don't want to give up on buspar because I was so happy to lose the everyday worry. On week 7 now. Still at 5mg. Thinking about doing 5mg twice a day. There is no magic pill, but this was close.
2858	8.0	In a nutshell, even though I did not want this drug to work because I hate taking medicine, it really does help me! I refuse to take benzos. My therapist talked me into trying buspar. It made me really tired at first. But honestly, now that I look back, I think it did that because it seemed to slow my racing mind down. So naturally, once I relaxed a bit more, my body finally could rest. My anxiety is not gone. But when I am in a place where I feel safe, I am able to relax and my mind isn't so noisy. It is a strange, new feeling.
2859	10.0	I suffer from sever depression, severe anxiety, sever pain due to several other medical conditions and life itself. Been taking this for about 3 months and things are a lot less stressful. I can handle light social situations again. Im actually able to sleep all night again. This combined with my fleet of other meds I'm able to function a lot more. Ive been on the usual xanax and what not, those were fun but long term didn't work for me (i grew up yay) Need more meds like this on the market.
2860	9.0	I've been on this medicine for about 7 months. I started at 5 mg and I felt great! But around the 4 months I got worse and ended up increasing my dose to 30 mg and now I feel even more better then before! The only side effect I experienced was a slight brain zaps but they go away after a week or two. This medicine has helped me so much I recommend this medcine!
2861	7.0	I am 44 years old and have suffered from general and social anxiety as long as can remember and have used many drugs through the years. I am currently on remeron, wellbutrin and buspar. I take 10mg of buspar 3 times a day and it has a subtle calming effect on the mind and body. If you are looking for a drug that will let you forget you have anxiety, buspar is not for you. If you are looking for a drug that is non habit forming, that has a low side effect profile, has no withdrawal issues and will help you manage your anxiety than buspar is you you. Good luck.
2862	1.0	So far it hasn't helped much with the anxiety... it's actually made it worse. My hands tremble and I feel like I'm walking on the deck of a moving ship. Making an appointment with my doctor to discontinue and find a new med, as this one is freaking me out.
2863	8.0	I've only been taking Buspar for a few days, and I haven't noticed any anxiety.  But the side effects make me sick as, but are temporarily, and I think mine are magnified because I'm on so many medications.  So far it works and is also used for sex dysfunction, which has helped my sex life with my partner.  To each their own.  Definitely do not drive on this medication.
2864	8.0	PTSD. Seemed to help some. Have bit of dizzy loopy for about 15 to 30 minutes after taking then ok. Was taking other meds and got sick and barfed often. Quit taking and nausea stopped. After a couple of months feeling quite anxious so started up Buspar again and anxiety seems to be very much calmed down. I plan to space meds out throughout day and find a schedule where my tummy doesn't feel so nauseated.
2865	9.0	I started on Effexor, that medicine made me sick, and nauseated. My Dr decided to put me on Buspar instead. This medicine made my anxiety so much better! And the side effects are very minimal, I only get a little light headed for a short time, but that's so much better than being sick to my stomach. This stuff has really helped me get through a rough time.
2866	2.0	Besides getting dizzy haven't noticed any effect.
2867	1.0	Been on BuSpar over a month and it does not help me at all, actually makes my anxiety worse and I have been much more irritable. Can't wait to try something else. I have also gained 5 pounds in the short time I have been on it. That adds to my anxiety. 
2868	9.0	The best medication I've taken thus far for anxiety. I'm on 60 mg/day split into two doses of 30. Non addicting, no sexual side effects, in fact this is amazingly free of any side effects that I have experienced. I have been on Klonopin in the past and overall I have to say that this has been the best for my anxiety and social phobia. The medical community is all too quick to disregard this medicine as ineffective. Its a safe medicine. You're not losing anything by at least giving it a trial. Its the only med that's worked well for me after trying countless SSRIs, and a few psych meds of other classes. Good luck.
2869	8.0	I have been on this medication for 3 years now - I think I need to up the dose because it is not working that well however it saved my butt a few years ago when something traumatic happened. My dr told me take it and give it 6 weeks and then all the panic and anxiety stopped- it's everything from hypochondriac to 24 hour a day worry about job, health, kids and everything else- I do think it is a lifesaver - I went from 5mg 3x a day to 2 5mg 2x a day - maybe I should go back.
2870	9.0	I've been taking 15 mg 2x/day with good results.  My social anxiety has improved and I am sleeping much better.  I have been taking Ambien almost every night for the past 4 years and now down to less than 1x/week.  That to me has made it worth it.
2871	8.0	I'm on week 7, I thought would wait until the effects kicked in to write a review. Regarding the side effects, mild nausea and lethargy for a short while after taking the medication, nothing to avoid taking the pill for. As for the results, very mild, but I notice a difference.  I speak more clearly and confident to people and I overall am less anxious. One big thing,  my constant worry about my health has subsided. I am 31 and live a healthy life bit I get a stomach ache and think I have colon cancer. These thoughts I laugh at now. I recommend taking this. Only 8 stars because it is not a cure all, only you can be.
2872	8.0	I've been taking Buspar for a month, following a period of elevating anxiety that was turning my life into a joyless state of constant worry and anxious, obsessive, unhelpful thoughts.  My psychiatrist warned it would take 4-6 weeks to notice any improvement - I noticed significant improvement within *hours* of pill #1 with minor and bearable side effects.  At other low periods, I was medicated for depression without benefit, and sometimes terrible side effects (Prozac: auditory hallucinations; Celexa: crazy hot flashes). Unfortunately I seem to be noticing decreasing benefit. I have been taking just 7.5 mg/day so today I doubled to the full 15mg I was prescribed.  Hope it works!  This medicine has given me real hope.
2873	10.0	I started taking Buspar about a year ago for anxiety/panic attacks. I've taken benzodiazepines in the past but having an addictive personality, I had to stop those. Buspar saved my life. I have no fear, paranoia, or low self esteem anymore. I used to feel like the world was out to get me and that I was being judged by everyone no matter where I went. I used to have the most crippling social anxiety too, I'd avoid social situations because the anxiety was so bad. Luckily Buspar erased all of that for me. Anxiety still creeps up here and then but it is absolutely nowhere close to being as bad as it was before. No side effects. I love it and will take it for a long time. At first I did get headaches but they went away a couple days later. Love it.
2874	10.0	I was prescribed benzodiazepine for my post traumatic stress disorder induced anxiety. The benzos worked great for me but after admitting myself into a rehab program for substance abuse I was told I could no longer take the benzos as there is high risk for abuse and addiction (even though this wasn't the medicine I was abusing). After a number of panic attacks I sought help from the doctor for a non-addictive alternative. They gave me Buspar 10mg 3x a day. This improved my anxiety but I still had days that were debilitating. I saw the doctor again and he upped the does to 15mg 3x a day and I have been completely anxiety free since. Make sure you have the proper dosage before claiming this doesn't work. And the side effects like dizziness are easily countered with a good meal.
2875	8.0	I have been taking Buspar for 2 months and have definitely noticed I am more relaxed and less reactive and upset in stressful situations. Prior to Buspar I had taken Xanax as needed for anxiety but it made me extremely hungry I would eat so much (and even worse-not remember) that it just gave me more anxiety from all the weight gain. I am only taking Buspar now and I take 7.5 mg x 3 daily. I am able to function on this medication and not feel like a zombie. I feel very relaxed and I am starting to enjoy life!
2876	1.0	I'm a 17 year old female. I have OCD and anxiety and this has done nothing for me! I take 7.5 mg 3 x a day and I wish I could take something else. I've been out of school for like a month because of my anxiety.
2877	10.0	"I was having ALL kinds of medical problems, severe cramps, inability to urinate, severe joint pain, headaches, insomnia, and more. I noticed an improvement immediately, most of my problems went away completely, and my joint pain subsided some. I've been on it for two months now, I feel happy, calm and 10Xs better all over. Generalized Anxiety Disorder is a terrible thing to TRY and live with, Buspar is the answer. I had tried lots of natural remedies, like 5HTP and many others. The natural supplements had far more side effects than Buspar! I hate taking medication, but I'm not sure how I'd get along without it. 
Buspar has changed my life. I'm not sure what started the severe anxiety because I have never had a problem with it, but whatever it was Buspar saved me."
2878	10.0	I take between 30-50 mg per day depending on how I feel. Usually 15mg or 20mg at a time. Doctors should really look at this medicine for bipolar as I am severely bipolar (with anxiety) and do not like addictive substances. Buspar is a wonder medicine for some! I'm getting my life back! I no longer rage and ruminate, and I can also sleep, and think more clearly :D most things do not work for me but this one did.
2879	2.0	"I tried this after going off Cymbalta cold turkey since I felt that Cymbalta was doing basically nothing for me and worse yet - making me clench my teeth so badly I was getting regular migraines from the TMJ I was getting! Wish the heck I had known Cymbalta had the ""less common"" side effect of clenching and I could have saved myself a ton I agony, massage therapy, CHIRO visits and muscle relaxers! Anyway as for Buspirone - took between 10 mg and 15 mg 2x day for nearly a whole month and it did virtually nothing for my anxiety! This was especially bad because Cymbalta's withdrawal is horrible and I was experiencing extreme irritability, anger etc. I asked for Prozac 10 mg yesterday and feel 85% better already!"
2880	10.0	I have generalized anxiety, few panic attacks ever, mostly just obsessive irrational thoughts and constant fears which aren't normal. This definitely helps me calm down and keeps my brain quiet when it normally never stops. For about 2 weeks I would get spouts of dizziness, along with a feeling of restlessness and an inability to focus (felt very much like ADD) but it has been going away! This medicine helps for general anxiety, but I don't think it would do much for panic. I take 5mg 3x a day.
2881	8.0	"I am 23 years old and suffer from generalized anxiety disorder. I did not want to be on an addictive med, and was very adamant about that with my doctor. I was prescribed Buspar and have been taking it for a year now (10mg 3 times a day) and it seems to work quite well. It calms me down and makes me think more rationally rather than experiencing constant worry and fear. I feel more free and open to life. Side effects I've experienced include dizziness, hot flashes and extreme hunger for about an hour after taking it. Taking it with food in your stomach is a must as it decreases the side effects for me. One complaint though, is short term memory problems and ""cloudy"" mind effect, but I will take that any day over my anxiety!"
2882	10.0	This medicine started to wear off I think due to too many negatives over 1 month time and I was upped on my dosage from 20mg x2 daily to 40mg x2 daily 8 days ago for thoughts not right and anxiety plus depression. Everything is starting to lift finally and feeling great and happy. It was really tough 8 days so far with very LOW LOWS and I'm BEYOND happy with it. LIFE SAVER INDEED.
2883	9.0	"I have suffered from generalized anxiety disorder for longer than I care to remember.  Went through too many anti-depressants that all failed.  I was told the Buspar was an ""oldie but goodie.""  I was reluctant to even try another pill and was of the notion that drinking wine was going to be my alternate choice, (which I didn't care to start).  Buspar has been my answer.  It's brought calm into my life.  I recommend this ""magic pill."""
2884	1.0	"I suffer from severe panic attacks. This medicine left me on the couch for a week because I felt so dizzy. My vision is also ""snowy"" from this medication and still has not went away 2 years later. "
2885	8.0	I just started taking buspar and at first I was scared because I hate bad side effects and don't like to take pills at all so I finally took my pill 10mg I felt good at first then came the side effects lightheaded sweating and dizziness but after 20 to 30 mins later it was over. I felt fine went out to socialize and I couldn't believe it, didn't have a panic attack or anxiety attack they work for me.
2886	10.0	"I've had generalized anxiety disorder since before they knew what it was.  I have been in all SSRIs, the side effects have kept me from being on them long enough to see if they worked, then Ativan through clonazepam, still anxiety ridden, as a last chance medicine, my Dr gave me Buspar, at this point I was beyond jaded and thought ""oh great another pill that won't work"", but it did, at 30mgs split to 10mgs 3 times daily.  I felt the cloud of anxiety lift after the first pill.  I stopped catastrophisizing everything and got my life back.

It is an older medicine, no longer a 'go to' medicine, but should be, the others made me zombie like etc.  I had the dizzies for a week, pushed through, they stopped.  I am now so incredibly happy and anxiety free."
2887	6.0	I take Lexapro 20mg once daily and 5mg (for now) three times daily. The first week I didn't notice much at all.. But now that I've been taking it for over a week I am starting to notice it's effects. Most notably when I let it dissolve under my tongue. This medication has no notable side effects. Only downside is its mildly underpowered. To me, Lexapro is the work horse, and Buspar is a helper.
2888	1.0	This medication caused me severe, episodic dizziness.
2889	8.0	About 3 months ago out of no where I had a severe panic attack and was rushed to hospital thinking it was a heart attack which it was not but the next day I woke up with severe anxiety, it was horrible. I tried natural remedies but nothing worked and was afraid of SSRIs because of the side effects, after some research I asked to try Buspar,  it took over 2 months and playing with the dosage, I take 10 mg morning, 7.5mg afternoon and night time. I finally feel like the constant dialogue in my head is settled down to a point where I can function,  hoping it just gets better from here on in. I have had no side effects at all,  it may take a while for this medicine to work but stick with it. I think it's worth it.
2890	1.0	I was told that it may take a while to build in the system to work. I took it for over 2 months. As far as treating anxiety it didn't work. 
2891	10.0	This panic attacks all hit me in August, it was December before they figured out it was anxiety because I had other medical stuff, wrong sickness. They started me out on Zoloft I was allergic then some other meds that had bad side effects finally my doctors try me out on Buspar. Finally after weeks getting the right dosage I have been awesome and healthy for over a month. This pill has given my life back, I was so bad I couldn't go in stores. Now I go every day and shop. This pill is awesome, it takes over a month to get build up or did for me. It was worth the wait, I feel so good I stopped it for 4 days I had panic attack then went back on and I plan on taking this.
2892	6.0	I've only been taking Buspar for 3 weeks and my anxiety is gone but I'm still depressed and irritable.
2893	10.0	Buspar changed my life, no kidding. I have been on Prozac so long, but once Buspar was added my personality came to life. Not that I don't sometimes worry, but it is sooo much better to manage with the Buspar. I am not any kind of spokesperson. I have a friend who it didn't work for, but for me, it has changed my life.
2894	8.0	I don't like SSRIs. The fact that Buspar can deal with serotonin receptors without causing the loss of libido, weight gain, and tiredness makes it perfect to treat generalized anxiety. Plus it's non-addictive like many benzodiazepine for panic attacks. I wish they made it in extended release form, though my doctor said it's okay to just take my full dose in the morning - and that seems to be working fine for me. It's the only medication that focuses mainly on the brain's serotonin levels that I like.
2895	1.0	Did experience slight positive changes, but came at a cost of constant dizziness and fainting
2896	10.0	CHANGED me life for the BETTER! Took a little while to kick in. Better to be on this then a habit-forming or dependent medicine..you have to want to change and then this medicine will work. Life-saver! 10mg once a day for 6 months now.
2897	9.0	This medicine has worked wonders for me... took a month to work but well worth the wait.
2898	9.0	I have generalized anxiety and panic disorder, I have since I was a teenager. In the past, I took Xanax as needed but it sometimes made me depressed and I worried about developing a tolerance or addiction. After less than a month on Buspar, I have already seen a major improvement. I ruminate less, my body is less tense, I am considerably less fearful (which is saying a lot because I was becoming fearful of leaving the house), I am able to tolerate stressors in a rational way, I am no longer depressed. What remains of my anxiety is manageable and it no longer interferes with my life. I began on 10mg and after a couple weeks bumped up to 15mg. I experienced insomnia the first couple days but that went away. Take with food for nausea. 
2899	10.0	I found that it worked better for me than anything else. After taking it for about 8 weeks, I was able to ween myself off of every other medication. This was the miracle for me.
2900	10.0	Buspar has completely and utterly changed my life. I have struggled with generalized anxiety ever since I was a child, and I've never been able to find a permanent solution. I have taken Xanax and Klonopin, but those are short-acting, and you build resistance to them quickly, and they're habit-forming. Now that I'm on Buspar, I have no anxiety. None. Nada. Zip. No more butterflies in my stomach, no more hyperventilating, no more irrational thoughts. I can fall asleep at night no problem, and wake up in the morning and be excited about my day. It takes a while to start noticing (3 weeks for me), but it's completely worth the wait. I'm finally excited about my future, and I finally feel in control of my life.
2901	9.0	This replaced Benzosiazepines and Sleeping pills, gives better rest, improved sex drive, decidedly improved social life. I'm 46m, prescribed 15mg x2 daily. Others noted the improvements first. I had no untoward side effects other than dry mouth and a few lingering panic attacks per month easily handed by low dose Xanax 0.5 mg. Various SSRI's along the way didn't help with depression this much. 5 years running. It works good.
2902	6.0	I am 29 years old and have been on Buspar for about a year and a half and since I started taking it my sex drive is completely gone. Yes it helps my anxiety but I am too young to have a horrible sex drive!
2903	6.0	I have suffered from severe anxiety for about 3 years now. I've tried buspar for a little bit and it helped some but I didn't keep taking it. I just had to post what has taken 90% of my anxiety away and that's cardio exercise daily. I started going to the gym and riding the bike with the heart beat monitor on it.  I got my heart beat to 120 beats per minute and held it there til I got tired, then slowed down to rest a couple minutes then speed up again.. I'm a crane operator and mostly sit all day in my crane. The very first day I sustained a higher heart rate by exercising for 15 minutes my anxiety levels plummeted. Every day after that it has gotten better. Before taking drugs for anxiety try fast walking for 15 minutes. It will help!
2904	5.0	My psychiatrist put me on buspar after i had tried lexapro &amp; many natural remedies in regards to my anxiety disorder, depressive disorder, &amp; PTSD. Personally, i think that the medication fools with my depression. My depression has been inactive for almost 6 months now &amp; so i requested ( after taking the lexapro ) that i could be put on strictly anxiety medication. I also have adhd, which i have been taking concerta for. When taking buspar i realized that, it increases my concerta side effects, makes me have depressive symptoms. I feel like it makes me have the physical effects of everything but not the actual feelings, which is frusturating because when presented it looks like more anxiety, depression, adhd, ptsd.. etc. symptoms.
2905	10.0	My son timed it several times without me knowing and discovered in 10 mins I was doing so much better, in 20 I was completely back!
2906	10.0	I have Schizoaffective disorder with bipolar features as well as uncontrollable anxiety. This medicine has helped me tremendously! I take 5mg in the morning and 15mg at night so I can fall asleep. I would recommend this medicine for sure!
2907	9.0	"I have Cluster Migraines so the doctor put me on Topamax, after about 2 months I developed anxiety symptoms and a rather hateful personality so they added Buspar to take  the ""edge"" off. It has worked well for me but I can tell when it wears off. I'm on a low dose so it just may be time to adjust( 5mg twice a day ). All in all very satisfied with this medicine. It does make you dream vividly but that doesn't bother me."
2908	3.0	Took 5mg. Dizziness after I initially started taking, that vanished but occasionally cropped up once in a while. Felt pretty good. Happier. Thoughts that I would normally worry about still came to me, but I was able to think about them and dismiss them, not obsess over them ALL day. Some months later though I began becoming extremely emotional. I cried all the time, became so depressed getting dressed and brushing my teeth was a huge struggle; was paranoid, wanted to hurt myself, had crazy thoughts. I would sob at the drop of a hat, which ISN'T like me at all. Took months of confusion, emptiness, anger, and loneliness to figure out it was the Buspar. Loved it in the beginning, but unfortunately it was not for me!
2909	6.0	"I have recurring bouts with severe anxiety.  Six weeks ago, I was put on 30 mg's of Buspar to be taken in the morning and at night.  I got ""brain zaps"" (similar to Paxil withdrawal) and nausea lasting about an hour after I took the medication.  True to most other medicines for anxiety, I felt as though overall, my level of anxiety increased over the first 2 weeks although I would have periods where I was not anxious.  After 2 weeks the Dr raised my dose to 60 mg's. I found it best to take 4 times a day because I definitely feel it wear off. While this has taken my overall anxiety from a 9 to a 7, it is still not enough."
2910	10.0	Made me better
2911	10.0	I have been off and on BuSpar for a little over a year now for severe uncontrollable anxiety but I have to take a high dose for it to work. I just take it as needed. I take 40mg at night. That's when my anxiety seems to bother me the most. If my anxiety is bothering me really bad and I don't take it then I am always up all night long and sometimes 2 days straight. Overall I would recommend this medicine!
2912	10.0	Been taking buspirone on and off for 15 years, for insomnia, anxiety, and symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder.  Sleep is my #1 issue (or lack thereof).  Very effective for insomnia almost immediately upon starting it (after a period of not taking it). I sleep easier within the first day or two.  Within a week I get to sleep easier and more soundly.  Ironically I've always had the side-effect of vivid memorable dreams.  Doesn't seem to increase bad dreams though, just makes them more memorable.  No other side effects.  I have, depending on the stress in my life or other medicines being taken, generally been on 5mg/day to 20mg/day, with good results.  At 30mg/day I feel dopey. Prefer to take doses later in the day, not first thing in the morning.
2913	8.0	Started taking Buspar 15mg 2 times a day about a month ago and I will be honest, at first I hated it! I almost quit taking it! The first week it seemed as if it was making my anxiety worse. My chest was pounding and could not sleep at all! I decided to stick with it and I'm glad I did because all of that is gone now. I mainly had issues with social phobia, and I have noticed I am getting better in social situations. The only thing is every now and then I feel a little dizzy for about 20 minutes after taking it but that's it! It doesn't take anxiety away, but helps you deal with it and better rationalize things.
2914	9.0	"Buspar allows me to rationally look at my intrusive thoughts without getting trapped in obsessive thinking.  I have taken Xanax in the past, and feel that this medication is superior, though it takes some time to build up in your system.  I was against being on medication for a few years, but plan on staying on Buspar indefinitely, as it improves my quality of life and decreases many of the physical symptoms of anxiety I have experienced in the past, such as muscle tension and teeth grinding.  I have also tried Celexa in the past, and unlike an SSRI, I do not feel zombied out in the least, just clearer and more ""at ease"".  I highly recommend this medication!"
2915	9.0	"Been on this medication for over 12 years.  Works well for me. Calms me down without the ""brain zapping"" I got from Paxil and Lexapro. Dosage has been adjusted throughout the years. I am told 60mgs a day is the maximum dose. I am currently on 15mgs 3 times per day.  It took a good two weeks to get into my system, and I remember thinking it wasn't working at first.  It's no Xanax, but it has helped me much more then Paxil and Lexapro did.  This works well for me, and I have no issues taking it for the rest of my life.  I do get some increased hunger and minor dizziness after each dose for about 15 minutes, but that beats being anxious and worrying all the time.  It is also pretty cheap."
2916	10.0	I have been on many anti depressants and anxiety meds in the past but this one is the right one for me. It is the only medication that I have taken that does not cause erection problems. While it is no miracle pill, it does take the edge off and allows me to deal with things without anger. I am actually able to see the world in a positive light and not be so negative all of the time. I believe I am taking half of the 5mg pill three times a day. I was supposed to be up to a pill and a half three times a day by now, but stronger doses make me feel medicated and I do not like that. I am perfectly happy with the results and my ability to control my anxiety problems. My anxiety is still there, but controlling it is key to long term health.
2917	5.0	I'm 31yr old fem, and have been taking Buspar for anxiety/panic for three months, and have decided to discontinue. It took roughly 3 weeks before I noticed a difference. I am slower to irritate, less agitated, and can better manage the constant nagging sensation of anxiety. I've been sleeping better, but really require a full night's sleep or else I'm drowsy all day. And I've been more at ease with new people. These changes have been certainly been positive but minimal. Lately, every day, 2x's a day about 20 mins after my dose (10mg @ 2/day) I would get a ringing headache, body shocks, and dizziness or nausea. I thought this would go away, but it hasn't, and it is getting to the point that my anxiety level is increasing.
2918	5.0	"Buspar was okay at first. I felt more relaxed and less tense. But I've had high blood pressure and headaches almost every day on this.

Dr is taking me off and going to try something else."
2919	4.0	I thought I was finally going to find the medication for me. At first it was O.K., I was on a low dose, a few days later when I was on a 5mg twice a day for only 4 days, I had been experiencing trouble concentrating, and woke up to my arm muscle twitching uncontrollably, which continued all night and onto the next day. So I quit the medication and called my MD.
2920	7.0	I have been on Buspar for about 3 months. I take 30 mg a day. I feel it is effective but I still get anxious thoughts and worry about having panic attacks. Does this happen to anyone else maybe I just up my dose but I get dizzy for about 30 minutes and can't lay down while I'm working. I was on Paxil but the side effects were awful so my Dr switched me to this.
2921	9.0	So far so good, helps me walk away from unreasonable people instead of sharing my unwanted opinion. I have same side effects as mentioned, wondering if anyone has uncomfortable leg pains painful tingling (like a constant funny bone just got hit but towards the high painful part. Could be a pinched nerve and unrelated to Buspar.
2922	5.0	I suffer from anxiety and have tried several medications in the past. I just started using Buspar 5mg twice daily. I notice in the morning, I am dizzy and have vision problems, it goes away after about 30 mins and I find it is helpful to eat when I take it, as side effects are not as bad. I do like it as I am not as high strung throughout the day, my kids have noticed a big difference in my mood. I'm going to give it a bit longer.
2923	1.0	"When taking the medicine, the first few hours my entire body would have random ""tingles"", I would experience vertigo / become dizzy, and be nauseous. I took BusPar  / buspirone for about 3 weeks and quit after these effects + decreased sex drive."
2924	6.0	I suffered a stroke 4/15/2012 I started having a gradual increase of anxiety to the point I could not stand it. My doc put me on Buspar 15mg starting out then up to 30mg all was great until the random suicide thoughts started I also take Celexa 40mg before the Buspar with no issues. So I contacted my doctor who has taken me off of it.
2925	9.0	Female 21yrs old. I have had severe anxiety attacks for the past 2 years, OCD since I can remember, and feel like I can't breath when I think about the what-ifs. I was on Prozac for a few months and absolutely loved it until I started grinding my teeth in my sleep. I tried the Buspar. I've been on it for 2 1/2 weeks. It took most of my anxiety away. But I got so dizzy I couldn't stand it (15mg). Started halving the pills, still makes me dizzy. Gives me headaches and doesn't help with the stress or obsessive compulsive disorder. My doc is adding Paxil to the Buspar and hopefully it'll help more.
2926	10.0	I developed generalized anxiety disorder seemingly out of nowhere after taking prednisone for an infection, and for three months felt like I could barely function, the physical and mental symptoms were so all-encompassing. My docs suggested Lexapro but I wasn't depressed, just anxious; I did some internet research on my own and asked that they try me on Buspar instead. SO GLAD I did. I've been on it for six years now and I feel totally normal, like I used to before the anxiety set in. I've never noticed any side effects to speak of, besides the weird flushed dizziness when I first started taking it, which went away after a couple of weeks. On 22.5 mg per day but I miss doses all the time, to very little effect. Amazing med.
2927	10.0	After having tried Ativan and Vistaril I asked my family Dr for Buspar for acute anxiety. I also take Zoloft. I love Buspar. It's not habit forming and I feel like I have my life back! It's my miracle.
2928	10.0	I'm not exaggerating when I tell you all: This medicine has truly CHANGED my life! After suffering with clinical depression and anxiety for over 12 years, this is the only medicine that has completely taken the anxiety away. I take it along with Prozac 30mg and WOW what a difference it has made for me. (I've been on Prozac for 8-10 years). The Prozac helps with depression, but since my main problem was anxiety, it didn't help very much with that. Xanax wouldn't work for me like it used to, and after this last debilitating episode of anxiety, I had lost hope that anything would work for me. I'm only on 10mg on Buspar and it's literally made me the way I was before I started suffering all those years ago.  I feel like the REAL ME again! Amazing!
2929	9.0	At first I didn't think Buspar would help me since I have always relied on antidepressants for my mostly manageable anxiety with a very occasional Klonopin. But this past year I was diagnosed with bipolar and have been advised that SSRIs could trigger manic symptoms so I am on mood stabilizers but they do not help my ever increasing anxiety. It has gotten so bad I rarely leave the house and can't work. When I started Buspar at 7.5 Mg 2x/day it made me more anxious and all I did was cry for a week but I was encouraged to keep taking it and it would get better and it has! My quality of life is soo much better, I feel normal again. I do get dizzy after my morning dose and need to sit or lay down though for maybe a half hour to an hour.
2930	8.0	It was really good medicine for people with anxiety and panics disorders. I been taking sertraline (Zoloft) 100 mg and Buspar 20 mg total morning and evening and it was really helping me out with general anxiety and reduce panics from my daily life. I had this thing when I go in to any store myself I feel like everyone is watching me like I am going to steal something. That triggers my anxiety and my stomach aches and breathing pattern switch to worst situation ever. Facial all red and it was really painful life. Buspar took care 70 percent of that problem for others was 9 out of 10. I say Yes to Buspar. I suggest talk with your psychiatrist about acute anxiety and consult about having Buspar.
2931	10.0	F-Age 60. I have taken Buspar for 20 years, starting in 1992, age 40. I would go off for 3 yrs after being on for 3 yrs. I had horrible relapse of anxiety, would have to go back on. Now I have been on for 6 years without stopping at 5mg 3-times a day. I love Buspar and plan to stay on for life without stopping. I have done things that I could never do without the Buspar, like hiking the grand canyon at age 58, just driving there would have given me panic, and even day to day stress. I will take my chances with long term, better than feeling sick daily, not being able to eat, sleep or leave the house, no way to live. Side effects for me slight dizziness. 
2932	3.0	I took this medicine starting on a fairly low dose, then gradually adding higher doses.  I decided to take it for my generalized anxiety disorder. It had little to no effect on my anxiety despite being on it for months.  I know it works for some people, it just wasn't for me.
2933	10.0	I've had a great experience with Buspar 20 mg daily added on to 37.5 mg of Effexor XR. I have genralized anxiety disorder and Social Phobia, and Buspar has made an enormous improvement. The anxiety is not completely gone but much more manageable. Buspar is a great alternative for people who do not want to risk becoming addicted to the narcotics, such as Xanax. I take it twice a day in the morning and evening, 10mg each time. Within the hour I feel less anxious and calmer. It takes a few weeks to fully take effect (about 5-6 weeks for me), which my psych told me beforehand and I found accurate, so give it time.
2934	8.0	Works wonders for me.  My doctor started me on 10mg's 2x daily a month ago.  Now I am on 15mg's 2x daily.  Once in the morning and one in the evening.  I have taken anti-depressants for years now and have tried almost every one of them on the market.  Finally, I made myself see a psychiatrist. I was dealing with uncontrollable outbursts of anger. It made life difficult to the point I just wanted to stay at home alone. This was NOT me.  After a few days of taking this medicine I felt like I could deal with everyday life again.  Still taking things piece by piece but seemingly my moods are improving slightly because of this medicine. Give it a try.
2935	1.0	I did not like this. I was given this for anxiety and it didnt help at all. I tried it for a month and felt no difference.
2936	9.0	I am responding very well to this medication (7.5 mg twice a day since 6/3/12) for Generalized Anxiety Disorder (with associated panic attacks and depression). My anxiety is back down to a healthier level (not completely gone) and I'm not having as many panic attacks (they still wake me up in the middle of the night most nights). Overall, I feel less depressed (because I'm less anxious). I'm doing everything I can to help myself. I exercise regularly, eat a healthy diet, don't smoke, don't drink, stay away from caffeine, and I read/listen to lots of self-help books/authors. It's not easy, but things are getting better. Buspar definitely helps.
2937	1.0	Buspar seemed to increase my anxiety and caused sleep disturbance.  I woke up several times during the night feeling anxious.
2938	10.0	This medicine has been a God send to me for stressful situations at my job. Unfortunately I had side effects. It has affected my taste buds. Sweet don't taste as good as they used to, which for me wasn't a bad thing.
2939	10.0	Good, very good.
2940	3.0	In the airforce I had a quack colonel who decided to change my xanax to buspar. It was so bad I could not stand up with or without taking it with food. It felt like daydreaming. Luckily I was put back on xanax.
2941	8.0	Before Buspar my anxiety from post traumatic stress disorder was very out of control. Xanax and Ativan barely touched it. My constant anxiety led to a suicide attempt because I was in constant fear which felt like constant panic. I've taken Buspar 15mg 3x a day for almost a month now and I have my life back. Only side effect is a little tiredness. But I will take that over what my life was like.
2942	1.0	I tried Buspar for three months and it did not work at all for my anxiety.
2943	10.0	After trying SSRIs and other medicines, I have finally found Buspar and it has changed my life in less than two weeks! I have had mild to moderate anxiety for a few years and now that I'm taking Buspar (I only need 15 mg/day in divided doses). I feel normal again and my mood is more positive and I laugh/am happy more even in this tough economic time! No major side effects. The first couple of days it made me a little tired and that's it. Really started noticing changes about 8-9 days I could feel a huge difference and the anxiety is GONE!  This is a safe medicine to take (non habit forming) and I would recommend it to anyone.  It has change my life, thank you Buspar.
2944	6.0	I have been taking Buspar 10mg 3 times a day for the past 3 months for anxiety and panic attacks. I think for the most part my panic attacks have subsided but still experience a bit of anxiety and increased blood pressure. I do take Xanax 0.25mg from time to time if my anxiety gets too bad or too stressed. I do notice I feel slightly lethargic and run down most of the time while I have been on this. Also after each dose I get some dizziness about 45 minutes afterwards which lasts for about 45 minutes or an hour. I used to have a spark to me before taking it, but I guess I'll take the good with the bad for the time being.
2945	6.0	I found this medicine helped a lot with my anxiety in many ways but did not help my desire for sex that I suffer from by the other medications I am on for depression. But like in any medication you have to chose what is most important to you and my anxiety was out of control prior to taking Buspar.
2946	1.0	After being on Zoloft for a while and trying hydroxyzine, which both did nothing for my anxiety, Buspar has also had no effect whatsoever after almost a month. Still taking 100mg Zoloft but might stop taking the Buspar. I see no reason for putting another useless chemical in my body.
2947	8.0	I have only been on BuSpar a few days.  I can tell a difference in the anxiety and general anxious feeling.  I had been thinking that it might not be helping as much as it needs to be, but after reading everyones comments I think I will stick with it.  Maybe I need a higher dose than what I am taking now.  Thank you for making me see that this medicine is worth sticking with it.
2948	9.0	I have been taking Buspar for about 6 yrs for anxiety and panic disorder. I started out 10 mg morning and night. When my anxiety got better, I just took it at night. 3 weeks ago I had another panic attack and have been sick with anxiety ever since. Dr. told me to start taking it twice a day again, which I did and already better. I don't tolerate antidepressants at all....so this medicine is a miracle for me.
2949	1.0	I tried it for anxiety and aggresive behavior.  With in a few minutes of taking the first dosage I became catonic.  Tried again two more times and each time the same thing;  Dr. changed my medication after that and said that happens in a very few patients on Buspar.
2950	6.0	"I have generalized anxiety disorder. For me, BuSpar does its job: it decreases those fears and worries that plague your life. 

However, it takes a while for the medication to get into your system. I would not recommend this medication to anyone who is struggling with short-term stress (divorce, legal problems, etc.). If you're prone to panic attacks, don't expect to just take one of these and expect to feel okay.

The memory loss from this medication is frustrating. "
2951	1.0	Buspar made my head cloudy.  I would feel dizzy, had chest pains, and felt like my heart was fluttering.  All anxiety was gone, but so were my emotions after only a day and a half.  My wife said it was like I was stoned.  I am now on Celexa and will see how that works.
2952	10.0	Amazing. I thought my life was over. I dealt with anxiety since childhood. At times it was worse than others but in the past 9 months it has become so severe that it manifested into unbearable physical symptoms. I was experiencing a cycle of extreme hot flashes that would drench me in sweat, the hot sweat turned to cold dampness quickly turning to violent chills. Uncontrollable heaving made me vomit a dozen times a day. I would wake every day in a full blown anxiety attack. I wasn't able to eat or even quit shivering. I lost 15 pounds in 3 weeks, was so emaciated, dehydrated I really felt like I was dying. In 3 days Buspar made me feel NORMAL. Not zombied or depressed like other medicines. Buspar saved my life, or at least gave me the ability to live.
2953	1.0	Taking this medicine I began to feel despair on and off and suddenly, after 30 days, it hit me very very hard with heavy despair thoughts. I had to hold my head for an hour or two waiting for the Buspar to dissolve completely. I had to stop taking it. It's sad because I needed this medicine.
2954	6.0	It helps me from pulling my hair out but I still have anxiety.
2955	6.0	"I have been on a moderate dose of Effexor XR (150mg) for about two years and anxiety started to creep in lately.  My doctor put me on 5mg of Buspar 3x a day about a month ago.  So far it seems to have taken the sharp ""edge"" off of the anxiety, but it isn't the miracle I was hoping for. He just raised my dose to 15mg 2x a day, so I'll report back in a month or so to see if the dosage increase helps."
2956	10.0	Between the anxiety and fear of a full-blown panic attack, (they occur about 3xs per year) I was unable to work, maintain relationships or accept new challenges. Have been taking 15mg 2xs a day since October 2011. It works with no side effects. I have my sense of humor back.
2957	10.0	I cried for the for the first week on Buspar which for me is expected when taking a new medication. Once that week was over Buspar came to the rescue. Buspar has given me progress in my recovery and has dented that wall of fog. It has helped me purge most of my guilt and resentment and helped me notice some of my defects. I am only taking 10mg right now. And after trying a number of different anti anxiety medications I think I've found the one. All hail Buspar. 
2958	10.0	I'm 19 years old and I can honestly say after taking Buspar for close to 3 weeks so far it has saved my life and my ability to function. I had tried medicines like Clonazepam and Xanax before with minimal outcome. I hope someone else get's the help they need from this medicine because I can only imagine all of the people suffering and I feel so bad. Buspar, A  
2959	4.0	Started at 5mg twice a day.  Got dizzy about 20 mins after taking it but that didn't last long.  After a week I just didn't feel it was helping, but I also was given gabapentin for pain which my doctor said would help with anxiety.  Afraid to take the two together so just stopped the Buspar. I'm thinking I will try adding the Buspar back in again and giving it a little bit longer.  Hoping for better.
2960	8.0	I've been on Buspar for about 6 weeks. At first I had headaches that turned into migraines. After taking 15 mg in am, 15 in the pm as prescribed. I no longer have experienced anxieties attacks and handle stress much better.
2961	2.0	For the past 2-3 years, I have been on and off Lexapro/Ativan for Anxiety and Wellbutrin for quitting smoking. I stopped taking Lexapro about a year ago with excellent results. I basically just felt great and didn't need to take it anymore. I continued taking Wellbutrin (daily) and Ativan (as needed). Then I stopped taking both of those about 6 months ago because I was feeling great. Well, my anxiety started up again several months ago and I got back on Wellbutrin and Ativan, which have always helped me tremendously. However, I wanted to stop relying on the benzo (Ativan) and therefore, started taking Buspar. I have got NOTHING from it besides dizziness and a headache. I have been taking Buspar for about 2 months. I am starting Lexapro again.
2962	9.0	It has helped with anxiety so much but it made me space out a lot so we had to reduce the dose, but it does work.
2963	9.0	I knew I needed something to take off the edge of my stressful life. I am on a tight budget without prescription drug coverage so I was prescribed this medicine since it was on WalMart's generic drug program ($10/90 day supply 10 mg only).  I feel so much more relaxed and much less OCD.  My only concern is that I have trouble concentrating and focusing at times.
2964	8.0	Been on Buspar for 3 weeks. Weened off of lorazepam and using Buspar instead.  Big difference.  Started on 15mg 3 times a day. Then 30 mg 3 times a day.  Now experiencing muscle pain, upset stomach, bad taste in mouth. I think my dosage is to high. At 15mg no bad side effects. When I get dosage straightened out. I think this will be a fine medication for my anxiety problem.
2965	1.0	This medication does not work for my anxiety on it's own. My Doctor had me on Klonopin along with Buspar and I was doing great. Well since the government added their new laws he took the Klonopin away from me so my anxiety is back full force and he won't give me anything else to treat my anxiety. I think that is wrong.
2966	4.0	Made me very dizzy and lightheaded.
2967	7.0	I've been taking Buspar for about a week and a half now and haven't really seen any dramatic results so far. I started out taking a 15mg pill in the morning and a 15mg pill in the evening, being a total of 30 mg total. This gave me awful headaches and I started experiencing light headedness. I bumped my dosage down to half of that now, and am currently feeling better when it comes to the side-effects. Hopefully by the 3rd or 4th week I will get the full effect from this medicine.
2968	9.0	I've been taking Buspar for about two weeks now and it seems to be helping my mild anxiety pretty well! I started off taking half of the dose my doctor gave me just to introduce it slowly into my system. I'm now up to the full dose of 5mg twice a day. The only side effects I've noticed is that my stomach gets a little bit loud about a half an hour after I take the morning dose, (literally loud, gurgles and grumbles) but it goes away within about 20 minutes. I would definitely recommend it for mild to moderate anxiety.
2969	1.0	I started taking it over a month ago and it hasn't help my anxiety at all. My hands and legs are shaky, I am constantly dizzy, have a hard time focusing, and my stomach is upset a lot.
2970	4.0	"Peaks and Valleys:
I felt like I had peaks and valley's of its effect (and side-effects).  I would feel its effects one hour after I took it, and they would be mostly gone six hours after the dose.  So even taking it four times a day did not provide stable relief.  

Effects:
It cut my anxiety down by about 40%.  Benzodiazepines cut it by about 90%.  

Side-Effects:
-I felt a roaring sensation in my head.  
-It also made me feel depressed sometimes.

Buspar side effects aren't too bad, but it doesn't provide that much relief either."
2971	9.0	"Buspar has worked great on my mild to moderate anxiety. I take it in combination with Ativan (as needed), but generally find I do not need the Ativan more than a couple times a month. Buspar has worked very well for me and has the great advantage of not being habit forming, so I feel safe taking it on the long term. 

That being said, it takes about 3 weeks to kick in fully. It also makes me dizzy if I take it differently than normal (with food as opposed to without, vice versa). It would also not be a good choice for someone with moderate to severe anxiety, as it is not a very strong drug. I take it in combination with a good diet and exercise, but doubt it would work as well without them."
2972	8.0	I tried a lot of the SSRIs and SNRIs medicines, Lexapro, Effexor, Celexa, Wellbutrin, pristiq, Paxil. Lexapro and Effexor gave me monster insomnia, could not sleep for nothing. Wellbutrin made me pass out and the other 2 did nothing for me. Finally my Doctor put me on Buspar 7.5 two times a day. It did make me nauseated but it says to take it on a full stomach which I took on an empty stomach. After I followed the directions I didn't have any more issues. No side effects and my libido has increased (wife happy). Really no more issues with anxiety anymore, I can now go to dinner, the grocery store without any issues.
2973	9.0	I really like how the Buspar worked for me I was given 10mg tablet half to a whole up to three times a day and it did wonderful to help tame my anxiety. I had to lower my dosage of Buspar because the original diagnosis of anxiety, depression in ADHD might be Bipolar disorder instead but I really didn't experience much side effect except maybe lactation without pregnancy but that may have been Celexa causing it.
2974	10.0	"Simply amazing. I have extremely awful anxiety and I guess you might consider I have panic attacks at times...usually over worrying about my children.  I was just sitting here in crying fit and thought to myself, ""You know you can take your 2nd dose of Buspar now, it's okay, you get three a day!""  SO, I did and I feel so much better. The crying has already stopped, after 30 minutes of taking the medicine. I was researching the medicine online and found this site and when I did, I knew I had to post to help others who might be in my same situation.  JUST TRY IT. You can't go wrong in trying it."
2975	8.0	"I've suffered with anxiety at critical periods in my life and was advised by MD's to try antidepressants as an alternative to Ativan.  The side effects were intolerable.
BuSpar has been miraculous for me. The first week was an adjustment, with ups and downs in mood and some restlessness.  On the 7th day I awoke to even, stable
calm and increased concentration which has been consistent.  My advice is stay with it for a couple of weeks using a benzodiazapine as needed until you stabilize.
I had few side effects and those eventually disappeared."
2976	8.0	I started taking Buspar about 2 months ago, 5mg 3 X a day and it has really helped me quite a bit. I was VERY nervous about trying this medicine, after having a terrible experience with an SSRIs, but I had TOO much anxiety NOT to give it a try plus the fact that it is non-habit forming appealed to me. I do get a touch of dizziness about 15-20 minutes after taking it- but it's not completely debilitating. My doctor has just recommended for me to up my dosage to 10mg- 3X a day, so I'll keep you all posted and let you know how that goes. It DEFINITELY has helped though, so for that, I am very thankful.
2977	10.0	After reading these other comments I must say that this medication has affected me greatly in a good way. I have had a lot of health problems in the past and I have taken multiple different anxiety medications that have not worked. The first day I took this medication, I have already started to feel a change. Plus this is also a good medication for women who are pregnant who have anxiety.
2978	9.0	This medicine has significantly reduced my anxiety. I still have a little anxiety, but without this medicine my anxiety would be extremely high.
2979	5.0	Take 30 mg/day, helped mildly with my GAD. Did nothing for my social anxiety. I continue to take it because it has no side effects and am told it will help with anxiety I may get from taking Wellbutrim. I have to take Xanax or Clonazepam regularly when having moderate/severe anxiety. Only side effects experienced in the first few days was dizziness and insomnia. I was able to increase my dose within 2 weeks. I am considering increasing my dose of Buspar to see if I just need a higher dose to feel a stronger effect.
2980	8.0	I'm just now starting to up it to 20mg/day. I also take 2 other SSRI type medications, and have been on depression medicines for about 20 years. Being currently unemployed and very little money, I can relate to others here when they say they are stuck in fear. I'm hoping this thing gives me some relief. Life is already too hard.
2981	9.0	I have been taking this medicine for 2 years and it is the only thing that has worked for me. I finally asked my doctor about a non narcotic anxiety drug, and she gave me BuSpar. I am so grateful. I still have some unwarranted worries, but no where near the level I have experienced them without BuSpar.
2982	2.0	I started Buspar four days ago, and my anxiety is unbearable now. I suffer from severe migraine which has gotten worse since the first dose. Since it's only been days maybe I will try one more week to see if my anxiety gets better but from the looks of it I doubt it.
2983	7.0	"I've been on this medication for over two months. BuSpar helps with day to day, general anxiety. That said, I don't feel that I can rely on this medication to stop a panic attacks. I still have agoraphobic feelings, and certain anxious thoughts (hypochondria type things) that haven't ceased since before starting this medication. 
Side effects I've noticed: Lightheadedness. Moderate fatigue. Munchies, snackyness. Increased libido and depth of taste. 
Give it a try. Compared to SSRI's, it seems to be as effective without changing one's brain chemistry so drastically."
2984	8.0	I started taking Buspar only a few days ago, 7.5 mg in the morning and evening and so far have experienced the dizziness only in the morning.  Had some nausea, but don't know if I can attribute that to the medication or the fact that I've stopped taking Ativan.  So far, so good though.  I do feel a little less anxious already and am excited to see the full results.
2985	7.0	"I'm on a very low dose -- 5mg/day -- but have had success until recently. I have never had any side effects or ever felt ""drugged"".  It just reduced my anxiety and tendency toward agoraphobia. Recently the agoraphobia has been winning so I have contacted my Doctor to either raise my dose or try a different medication.  I just can't get myself out the door;  it's like walking to the end of a high diving board. Stress and panic increases as I get to the end, then the horrible fall like I'm having a heart attack.  Finally floating in the water I am actually fine, and even enjoy myself.  "
2986	3.0	The doctor just put me on this medication for my high anxiety. I was taking Xanex 1mg and switched me to this, its been 2 days taking it at a 7.5 mg and I'm really not noticing any relief at all.
2987	7.0	I take this medicine 20mg in the morning and 20mg at night. When I first started it I had trouble sleeping. I felt like my legs couldn't sit still, and I had tingly fingers and I would get dizzy. I've been on it for about 5 months and I still get dizzy after each dose sometimes I need to lay down. But it has helped tremendously with my anxiety, I can go out and have fun without having the constant worry in my head. Before being on any kind of medicine I used to throw up and shake a lot from my anxiety attacks, now its all gone and I can live a normal life. I am also on 100mg of Pristq and 0.25mg of Xanax (as needed). I recommend this medicine for anyone who has anxiety disorder, but just be aware of the dizziness.
2988	8.0	I have been on Buspar for 8 months and it has mellowed me out without the feeling of being drugged. I have noticed that if I miss a dose my old grumpy and panic attack self comes back quickly. I have tried many things to help control my depression and panic attacks and this drug makes me feel better but I have to control my feelings more.  In other words it does not make you so numb that you are out of it like other drugs. It just takes the edge off. I recently also discovered that it could be the reason for my increased sex drive. I may be showing signs of hair loss (but it's hard to tell given I am of that age when it happens) but I will take a better feeling and libido over hair. I have also on occasion noticed a metallic taste.
2989	4.0	At first it worked pretty well but about 3 months later I was having the anxiety again.
2990	6.0	"I took this medication for 9 years and I believe it had an accumulative effect on me.
I weened myself off and am still having problems sleeping and am now more irritable than ever.  I was also on Dilantin and phenobarbital.  I wish I had found this site when researching this medication.  Initially it did help me and I had good results but I had to break the dosage in half."
2991	10.0	I have been taking BuSpar for 8 plus years.  I still have some side effects of dizziness if taken on an empty stomach and coffee but I think that is asking for trouble.  I can honestly say it saved my marriage and family life.  High stressed medical position always being on call which increased my anxiety. Anxiety was at such a level that no one could stand to be around me.  I take 10mg once in the morning which lowers my anxiety to a tolerable level for the day.  When I feel extra stress coming on I take 10mg in the morning and 10mg at night.  It does not work for everyone as many have mentioned but it has given me a second wind to enjoy life to the fullest.
2992	1.0	Medicine made me dizzy and nauseous.  I actually got anxious taking anti-anxiety medicine. Had to stop
2993	1.0	"I was given this ""medication"" when my PTSD related anxiety and panic was too strong for Vistaril to even touch. I've been on BuSpar for almost 8 months with no change in my Anxiety or Panic frequency. I have switched doctors and am now on 0.5mg of Xanax x 2 a day with no complaints. "
2994	9.0	I am now into my 3rd week and for myself it worked by the next morning. I had a past of 20  years on prescription Ativan and the after effects of stopping that medication made me very wary of trying anything else for my attacks. But my life had stopped and I truly felt no hope for the future so I laid it all out for my doctor and mentioned that I had noticed an article on Buspar and with little or no side effects or chance of addiction it seemed a chance I would take. My doctor said she had prescribed it many times chosing it for those same reasons with her patients. Since then my anxiety is almost non-existent. I don't feel medicined at all. It did mess with my stomach some but nothing to change my opinion of the medicine. Last hope, best decision.
2995	1.0	It didn't work for me at all.
2996	8.0	I have a bipolar disorder with anxiety and have been taking Seroquel for the bipolar condition for more than 5 years.  I decided to try the Buspar to help with the anxiety using 2 X 10mg per day and it works wonders.  At first the side effects made me cry for nothing but after 1 week everything got resolved and I see the benefits.  No real side effects for me since I use Seroquel which is much stronger on the side effects.  What I see is that I can have dreams again which didn't happen for for the last 20 years and a lot less anxiety.  Less closing of the hands reflects, calm, no social phobia, or performance anxiety.  It is working very well for me and now I need to do more with my life since I have the capacity.  Thanks
2997	10.0	"I have been taking Buspar for 2 weeks now. My doctor started me on 10mg - 3 times a day right off the bat. It has taken away the constant ""buzzing"" in my head. The general feeling of dread, helplessness, anxiety and constant worry along with irratibility and agitation that I haven't been able to shake since being weaned off Klonopin. (I was on Klonopin for 5 years). It has given me no side affects. I still do not sleep well, but today, I cannot imagine NOT taking this medicine because I feel 10X better than I did 2 weeks ago!"
2998	1.0	I started taking BuSpar for my anxiety and it made me very dizzy and tired. It also made my arms tingle and I started getting terrible headaches every time I took it. My anxiety just got worse while taking it because I was worried about the side effects it was causing.
2999	2.0	"I began on 5mg in the morning and at night. I became extremely dizzy, flush, and sleepy. I lowered the dosage and got tingles all over my body. I would touch something and the tingles would run up my arm and then up to my head. 

After a few weeks I became enraged and could not control my anxiety. I stopped using the drug and got a few migraines but the rage is gone."
3000	10.0	Before I started taking buspar it felt like there was a ticking time bomb inside my body and throughout the years it just got louder and louder. I would have so much panic and fear that I stood still to avoid having to move forward in life. After I started taking buspar that tick went away and the fear lessened enough for me to start taking steps forward to better my life and my families life...I have nothing but good things to say about this.
3001	10.0	I had taken Buspar many years ago until one day I decided I just didn't need it anymore and stopped taking it, no weaning, no withdrawal. Now I'm back on it again and will stay on it until I feel that way again. It took a couple weeks, and a few days of depression, before it took hold but I have never experienced any side effects. In fact the only thing I feel is that I am thinking positively, rather than looking for a boogey-man in everything. Just a natural feeling of health. Recently the doctor tried something else because of poor sleep and gave me lorazepam, which made my arms and legs feel heavy and I slept for 12 hours, and then diazepam which did nothing much but dampened my feelings and sleep was worse. I'll stay with Buspar.
3002	5.0	I was prescribed BuSpar by my doctor and I am hesitant to take it. I have seizure disorder and take Dilantin (phenytoin). My doctor is aware of this, but I have read that BuSpar may negatively react to the seizure medication. I hope it works and doesn't interact with my other medicines. I have been on benzodiazepines such as Klonopin and Xanax and built up a tolerance. I was taking unusually high dosages and was recently weened off. 
3003	8.0	I started Buspar about 7 months ago and after almost 2 weeks stopped taking it due to it giving me the shakes, but my worry and anxiety continued. I tried 5-HTP and that didn't work, so about a month ago my prescription was still there and I started taking Buspar again, and I'm on 7.5 mg twice a day and I feel a big difference, I think the key is to take it like its prescribed. No side effects since I have started taking it again.
3004	10.0	A little over 2 years ago I started feeling anxiety thinking of bad thing that would happen to me or my family. I would worry about these things every day and then I would have trouble breathing and it was all do to anxiety.  My doctor prescribed Buspar and everything went away and I felt normal and stress free and the feelings I had went away. I also read Buspar is for short term, but as long as your doctor prescribes it for you. You should take it as long as you need to. Without it I would be a wreck.  As for side effects I get dizzy and tired, I take one 15mg at night and the other in the afternoon after work and take about a 30 minute break and lay down or just watch T.V. I feel much better after that.
3005	8.0	I have been taking Buspar for over 2 years and have had a lot of success. Recently had to increase my dosage to 15mg twice a day as my anxiety started to increase this past summer for no apparent reason. I also take 60mg of Cymbalta every other day but think the Buspar is what really is working for me. I feel for all people that have issues with anxiety! It's the worst and horrible to go through. Hopefully Buspar will keep working for me.
3006	1.0	I was hoping this medicine would help with my anxiety and depression but it made me feel terrible. I took my 1st dose at night, low dose of 7.5 then again in the morning...about an hour later.....I was so dizzy,almost fainted. My husband was wondering what was wrong with me. I lay down in my bed and stayed there till all these feelings went away. Didn't work for me!
3007	7.0	I have been on Xanax, Ativan, Valium and most of the other drugs in the benzodiazepine family. I had built up a tolerance to most of them, so my Doctor prescribed Buspar.  Not being part of the benzodiazepine family, the effects are different and a bit more subtle then I have been used to, however, I have learned to appreciate the difference, because I was looking for something different.  Buspar at least for myself is looking promising.  I also have LexApro, but am hesitant to mix these two medicines at the same time.
3008	3.0	"I wish I could say that Buspar helped me.  I was really hoping that I would have the same experience as some of the individuals here.  I think the Buspar actually made my anxiety worse. However, I didn't feel any side effects until I took it for about 2 weeks.  

I had the dizziness and fatigue that many have commented on, but also the less common side effects like gastrointestinal problems, nausea, confusion, and lack of concentration.  I had to stop taking it because it was impairing me so badly.  I hope that this medication works for others but it, unfortunately, did not for me."
3009	10.0	After reading all of the comments I had to comment also. I have taken Buspar for 8 years. I have noticed a lot of weight gain, which I thought was from this medicine. I have not seen that in anyone's comment. So I am now thinking it is my lifestyle. I do get dizzy so I have to lay down for 30 minutes after every dose. I am supposed to take 1/2 pill twice a day but laying down is not an option for me on most days so I skip a dose or two. Sometimes I do not take it for weeks. I do notice when I take it for a few days like I should that when I miss a dose I am even more agitated/aggravated/anxious and as one said looking for the bad that is around the corner. Thank you all for helping me decide to finally take this as I am supposed to.
3010	1.0	Hallucinated, would laugh hysterically for no reason for an hour, then would cry for an hour. This is only after taking one pill.
3011	10.0	"I've got generalized anxiety disorder. Buspar turns off the worrying like a switch. The only downside was the first dose; 15mg was too much. I had weird side effects; if I looked at a light source, I'd feel unspeakably strange pulses of something that felt like electricity go though my body. I also got motion sick and vomited after the first dose. Luckily this only happened once.

After reducing the dose to 5mg (q.i.d.), I had no more side effects.

My advice to the uninitiated would be to start with a small dose and titrate upwards to avoid any surprises."
3012	10.0	After only 3-4 days I was immediately better. I couldn't believe it because my doctor had put me on all sorts of medicines before this one and Buspar SAVED my life! The only side effect I noticed with it was that 30 minutes after taking it I was a little dizzy but it went away after a half hour and I was finally stress free with no panic or anxiety attacks.
3013	1.0	I must be the only one on here that didn't benefit from this medication.... just got a headache and didn't help my anxiety.
3014	8.0	My doctor prescribed Buspar for anxiety.  I have been taking this for 4 weeks and I am concerned because I read from some of the comments that this is prescribed for short term use.  It really is working for me and the thought of not taking it terrifies me.
3015	10.0	"This medicine has been a lifesaver for me. After 10 years of anxiety and 2 years of being practically invalid due to generalized anxiety disorder and panic attacks with depression, I'm finally having a medicine that works. 

Neuroleptics like ketiamine just made me gain weight, Cipralex was a little help, but not really adding quality of life. After 5 days on Buspar I'm clearly better. Sleeping is in place, I'm feeling more functional and positive and my ability to go out and even exercise has come back. I have now been on this medicine over three months and every day my life gets a little bit better."
3016	10.0	This medication is unbelievable. After 3 days, the anxiety I have been suffering with for over 15 years disappeared. I don't feel cloudy headed or unable to function. It's as if one day I woke up and my life is stress free. I did not suffer any side effects but I am also not on any other medication. I do not drink or smoke. I was opposed to medication at first, but now I am a believer.
3017	9.0	Always had negative side effects and weight gain with SSRI's. SSNRI's didn't realy do anything either.  I am not a depressive person by nature so was not really sure why my General practitioner prescribed those.  Saw a psychiatrist who was a lifesaver in recommending and prescribing Buspar for me. I am not worrying or irritable only after 3 days.  He has me on 1/2 a pill in the am and 1/2 at night and is still slowly increasing it up to an ideal dose of 30mg a day.  Thank you Buspar.
3018	1.0	I was given this in the 1980's for panic attacks and was not taking any benzodiazepines at all with it. I'm glad it has worked so well for others, but for me it was like a very bad trip. I was literally bouncing from wall to wall, couldn't walk or see clearly, even hallucinating. I had a severe reaction to it, but I am extremely sensitive to tricyclics and all SSRI's except Remeron. If you're taking it for the first time, might be good to have another person around just in case.
3019	10.0	For acute anxiety this is AMAZING. Rapid racing heartbeat. Excessive sweating. Constant worrying. Over-analyzing. This medicine basically at 15MG gives you a feeling like you just drank a six pack and ate an amazing meal.  I take it with xanax and cymbalta. Buspar is the best non habit forming short term medicine to get your life back on track when life gets overwhelming.
3020	3.0	Restless legs was a main side effect for me.
3021	9.0	Prescribed BuSpar for anxiety and panic disorder.  This medicine seems to be a much better option for me than the SSRI drugs.  The side effects experienced are dizziness, tingling in the fingertips, vivid dreams and the occasional stomach ache.  Been taking 5mg, 5 times a day. I do also compliment the medicine with the occasional 0.25mg Xanax when needed.  After 3 weeks I do notice a big difference in the amounts of anxiety and a elimination of symptoms, which used to work their way to the panic stage. So far between these medicines, daily exercise, self education, and therapy I seem to be making some progress. I would recommend giving it a try.
3022	10.0	I was put in the hospital with MRSA IN my lungs. I was really mentally frustrated and was having withdrawals from morphine. I couldn't sleep and was very ill. This medicine was the greatest thing they could have given me to help me calm down and sleep. I would recommend it, but I will say that it knocked me out cold for the night and I was groggy in the morning. But when I decided to quit taking it, I had no withdrawal symptoms.
3023	10.0	I've never had any issues with taking this medication.
3024	10.0	Have been taking Buspar for over 10 years along with an antidepressant.  Before taking Buspar, anxiety attacks were so bad that I could not work for several years.  I take it at night and no side effects, unlike other anti-anxiety medicines.
3025	9.0	"I've been taking Buspar for two years to control the symptoms of anxiety.  Buspar has worked well for me.  I had strong physical sensations of anxiety such as a ""knot in my stomach"" and hot flushes (can't be menopause because I'm a guy).  Also Buspar helps me control my thoughts that some terrible event is just around the corner and I've got to do something to prepare for this unknown event.  I've not had any side effects."
3026	10.0	After trying to treat my anxiety and panic attacks for years with SSRIs and benzodiazepines, this finally works. I take 3 x 5 mg and started to experience a significant decrease in anxiety and compulsive thoughts, after only 4 days. So far I am happy with Buspar. No side effects whatsoever.
3027	8.0	I have been taking it for almost a month. The Dr said it might be 2 weeks before i started feeling better but actually I felt better within 3 days. I am taking it for panic attacks and anxiety associated with a traumatic event.
3028	10.0	I have been taking Buspar for just over 8 months and I take 60-75 mg a day, depending on the day. I take for panic attacks associated with PTSD. I have had no side effects from this, but I do know when I have missed a dose, so when I do come off this I do expect a withdrawal period but for now it has helped me regain a normal life. I take this with a few other medicines such as Celexa, Wellbutrin, Trazadone and seroqeul. This really works.
3029	10.0	I have been taking this medicine 15mg in the morning and 15mg at night and it works great.  Never had any medical problems before then last year all of a sudden I had a panic attack and was in bed three weeks with anxiety, it scared me to death. I was in such fear I shook.  This drug took three weeks to get me OK but it's now been 19 months without anxiety I hope it works long term. I still fear another panic attack it was horrible expecially for someone who had always been healthy and happy.
3030	9.0	I have been taking Buspar for almost a week.  My doctor prescribed it for my Anxiety - mainly my constant agitation.  I must say that I have been sleeping better and I feel somewhat better.  I take Buspar 15mg - Once a day.
3031	10.0	This medicine works very well for me. I have not experienced any side affects. I have been taking this medicine for two years and I am very grateful my Doctor prescribed it.
3032	10.0	Buspar has been very effective for me in treating occasional panic attacks and generalized anxiety, without side effects I've experienced with other medications such as Paxil. Doctors have been inclined to prescribe other medications as my anxiety symptoms often occur with emotional situations (death of loved one etc.) and I am crying alot. However the emotion is a natural reaction to the situation. Anti-depressant meds affected me negatively in contrast to buspar which helps alot.
3033	1.0	"I have started this medication generic from manufacturer Mylan and had bad reactions by 10 fold but I had stuck it out hoping it would work.  Then I had received my next  prescription from a different maker - came in a bar form and to my surprise this was a total different feel of medication. ""How is this possible? More of a sedative feeling instead of such anxiety over the top which worried me so much that I decide I have to stop this medication  and ween off.  It's disturbing to think you want to get better but how can you if the generics you are prescribed are different from each other.  I go through Kaiser and so far disappointed with how things are all handled. Stick with one manufacturer not multiple different manufacturers of a medication as they are different..."
3034	8.0	I have been down a long road. I had gotten inappropriate sinus tachycardia with stopping a beta blocker. And was put in another heart medicine to control my heart rate with less weaning side effects. Anyways they diagnosed me IST (Inappropriate Sinus Tachycardia). But since being off the medicine my heart rate has been fine. Not over 100 bpm. Anyways took 2.5 mg of buspar last night and my heart rate has been under control. I just want to cry cause I haven't seen my heart normal without being on a heart medicine even then it didn't really help much. I guess I found my miracle drug and my heart rate was due to anxiety since doctors give me high anxiety and panic
3035	8.0	I found that I felt more focused and it calmed me down a great deal. It did make me feel a little dizzy at first, but that could be because, I'm also taking keppra and losarten and amlodopine - the last two I've taken for one month and the Keppra I just started yesterday - so that could be the reason. But overall the buspar makes me feel good and I don't feel the despair and tension like I was going to explode. Hopefully this medication will also help me with my blood pressure that was out of control. The highest was 239/200 it is now 169/93 it's better..so we will see...
3036	4.0	I'm on 15mgs of Buspar a day, its been 2 months and its not working that well. It evens me out a little but I still get anxiety attacks. I'm also gaining weight because of sugar cravings.
3037	10.0	Where has this medication been for the last 5 years? I am on day 3 and I finally feel normal again and I never thought that was possible because I didn’t even know what normal for me was anymore. My life had caught up to me, 4 kids (including 2 yr old twins), career and just a demanding household has weighed on my life heavily. I had become an angry person, an angry and short fused mom. I began yelling, which I had never done before. I regretted it but my anxiety/stress level would reach a boiling point and I couldn’t control it. I just wasn’t a happy person. I called my dr and asked for help. I’m currently on 75mg Effexor for depression. She added Buspirone 5mg 3x a day. This was a game changer. Day 3 I’ve completely noticed a change. Things that bothered me before don’t bother me anymore. I’m able to rationalize with my children rather than yell. This medicine is helping me be a better parent and I’m so thankful. I am HAPPY and I never thought I could say that.
3038	1.0	I have severe social anxiety, I've had it my whole life. I was on ativan for years and I wanted to get off them. So my dr. prescribed me Buspiron ( busbar), well what a nightmare.!!! The first few days I felt like I was going to die. My heart was raising, I could feel my heart  pounding out of my chest, couldn't sleep, made me speed like crazy awful. Scared me so bad. It was so bad  about a week in, I had to go to ER. It made my anxiety 100 times worse. I had to go to ER in a ambulance, I couldn't breathe. I only gave the a 1 because I had to put something, otherwise it would have been 0. If you have bad anxiety I wouldn't recommend this. But if it work for you thats great, we are all different, but it was a total nightmare for me.
3039	10.0	Quit drinking cold turkey after 2 years of life altering changes. Never had anxiety. Well I do now. Crippling scary moments only about midday. Morning and evening I'm fine which is weird. Was scared to death to take a med like this because other than high BP I'm good to go. Broke down and tried one 5mg dose. About an hour later I felt smooth. Was told 5mg 12 hours. I take 5mg 3 times a day. Usually every 4 hours so 15mg. 4 months sober and a month after starting Buspar it's a life saver for me. I've read that it doesn't work for everybody and everybody I'd different I understand. But it has done the trick for me so far. I tried every vitamin concoction and drink known to man with no luck. It made me very dizzy the fist couple weeks. Now I don't even notice taking it except feeling more calm. Not recommending taking it like I do but it works for me.
3040	2.0	I've had anxiety for several years with full blown panic attacks that have sent me to the ER. Fortunately, I've kept those at bay for the last year, but I still get anxiety at night. I finally decided to go to the doctor but didn't want a benzo. I was prescribed 15mg tabs, I take one at night...and it does absolutely nothing for my anxiety. If anything, it makes me a tad drowsy. Not what I was hoping for.
3041	9.0	"I've been on Buspar for 5 mths. My doc gave me 15mg. After a week I couldn't even describe how great it felt not to be so constantly worried about everything. 
I did end up getting depressed (but that had already started due to other things), and my anxiety seemed to get a bit worse for a couple months. Doc then put me on 150mg of Wellbutrin which takes 4-6 wks to kick in. During that time (1st 4 wks) I was VERY depressed &amp; anxiety &amp; panic attacks were very bad (had my worst panic attack ever), but then she upped my Buspar to 25mg which helped calm down the anxiety and panic attacks. 4 wks after starting Wellbutrin she upped that to 300mg. In a week depression disappeared &amp; anxiety calmed down and its been 4 wks since.
I think it takes the right dose and combo of meds as well as continuing for a bit through the rough patch that sometimes comes with new meds while trying to get the dose right. Don't give up too soon."
3042	9.0	Now at 5mg at three times a day it finally started working for me--calmer on a day to day basis. It took about a month before I could really feel a difference. Well, if this is good, I think, let's get the doctor to up it to 7.5mg three times a day. What a difference--but not in a good way! I felt foggy and dizzy and my mood swings were worse. More is not always better.
3043	1.0	Makes my anxiety tremendously worse, even after months of use! Don't believe the fake big pharma comments. This is not a replacement for any benzo, in any way! It is only 'known' to be 'effective' in general anxiety disorder. AFter my switch I couldn't sleep for a week, dehydrated, thought I was gonna die, so then they gave me Zoloft in conjunction with the buspar that I was already on for 2 months! The Zoloft made it even worse, I am surprised to be alive and writing this today.
3044	1.0	I am being weaned off of Clonazepam and onto Buspirone. I can't even described how miserable I am. I'm a month in and suffering panic attacks, having terrible muscle pain and haven't been able to stop the Clonazepam totally. I hate it. I can't sleep at night. My arms and legs are so sore I am in constant pain. I want off of this drug!
3045	6.0	"Buspirone hasn't done much for reducing my anxiety.... I still worry about everything all the time.  What I have noticed as a positive effect though is that when I have ""anxiety spikes"" (my term for a panic attack that's not quite a panic attack), it doesn't spike quite as high.  So it mutes my sharp anxiety episodes, but doesn't really help me to actually worry less."
3046	9.0	I have debilitating anxiety and paranoia. I hate valium, xanax etc as it causes me shocking  depression and lose all motivation. I'm currently taking pristiq, seroquel and Armodifinil. After just a few days on 10 mg twice a day I feel so much better. I've stopped the morning dose as it was causing me to feel spaced out and numb until 2pm. Been on it now two weeks and all my physical anxiety (pounding heart, shortness of breath and irrational negative thoughts) has basically disappeared!! I feel so good I've even booked an overseas holiday soon. Something impossible before the Buspar. I love this medication it's changed my outlook in life :)
3047	8.0	"Works well for treating anxiety. 
I would occasionally experience tolerable dizziness for 30 minutes if taken prior to eating a meal. 
I took this medication for about 8 months, but eventually switched to Lexapro because I didn't like having to take it 3 times a day. I also didn't like how the anxiety would start coming back when the medicine was wearing off. 
I would consider taking this again in the future because unlike SSRI's, there are no sexual side effects and it is safe to take during pregnancy.
I do recommend this medication if you don't mind taking it multiple times per day and can accept that you may occasionally feel mild dizziness for a short period of time after taking a dose."
3048	1.0	I being in buspirone 5mg for 3 days I take it 3 times a day. I never had sleeping problem now I can't sleep also I had never being treated with anxiety.  I hate taking pills so I stopped it right now. Also the side effects are ridiculous  so no reason to take it anymore.
3049	10.0	I started experiencing extreme anxiety and panic attacks out of the blue a few months ago. I did not want to take any type of addictive drugs like Xanax or Valium so my doctor prescribed Buspar, 20mg twice a day. It has worked extremely well for me, I feel much calmer with no side effects.
3050	1.0	Since I started this medication about 4 months ago, my depression increased dramatically. I went to several different doctors because I KNEW something was seriously wrong, but I didn’t know what it was.  I couldn’t stop crying and couldn’t function at work. Over the last week I tapered myself off of Buspar, and today I didn’t take any. I gradually started feeling less crazy and today felt GREAT!  I’m sure this med works for more people than it hurts. But, believe yourself even if the doctors don’t. If you feel worse, it may just be the Buspar!
3051	10.0	I can take 15mg three times a day but most of the time I  only take two a day as I was told not to take after 6 pm. But it works for me great. I haven't had any side effects or anything. It keeps me relaxed and calm and even when I want to get upset I really cant. I thank God for this drug. Give it a try if you haven't.
3052	1.0	Took for 21 days only , it didn't do anything for my anxiety nor the shortness of breath , in fact I think it increased my anxiety a little bit more and I was irritable. Also no positive  affect on depression , and I felt like it was causing a memory and sexual problems a bit .
3053	4.0	I was doing much better on Clonazepam.  I believe therapy and medication has as much to do with having quality of life than to changing to another medication.  I found that if my therapist had no experience with anxiety counselling, I didn't do well with that therapist.
3054	6.0	"I have narrow angle glaucoma and there are only two anti depressive/anti anxiety drugs that will not raise my eye pressure...wellbutrin and buspar.  Wellbutrin tore up my stomach and upped my anxiety so after three months of that I switched to buspar.  I must be very sensitive to drugs because even 5mg was too much and caused ""brain zaps"".  I cut it in half and 2.5mg seems just right so far and it's only week two.  I feel calmer and I intend to give this drug a chance to really work.  Side effects are minimal and I take my second dose mid afternoon due to sleep issues if I take it in the evening.  It doesn't do much for my depression but my depression is secondary to my anxiety.  Like I said, I'm giving it a chance."
3055	7.0	Well I kinda came here for help to see if it was normal to feel nauseous and stomach hurting and just feeling a little anxious, I just started today on 5mg of this drug and I’m only 18, my body feels very relaxed and I feel kinda happy but my stomach feels awful, will this go away? Will I be okay?
3056	1.0	Buspirone doesn't work near as well as Clonazepam. I was hopeful but hopeful does not stop my anxiety.
3057	6.0	"Buspar does the job better than other medication so far. Everything else has made me feel worse. 
The first couple of times I took this medication my heart rate increased and I felt dizzy. This went away after a couple of days taking it. 
It makes me sick to my stomach if I take it on an empty stomach, so I definitely recommend eating a meal right before you take a pill."
3058	3.0	Day 4 on buspirone, or as I have called it “bed rest from extreme nausea.”  I’m on 7.5 mg twice daily and have only taken the required 2 doses one day because of the nausea. Someone, please tell me there is an end in sight. On the anxiety front...I only feel extreme angst about this nausea, other than that, pretty numb.
3059	4.0	I started out taking 2 doses of 5 mg a day. The first few days I did notice a little mood boost but it didn’t last long. We raised my dose 5 more mg (15mg a day) and same thing but it went away. Didn’t help with my panic or separation anxiety. Did help with depersonalization.   It made me tired, nauseous &amp; gave diarrhea the first couple days. Those went away after that but it did give me a weird feeling about 45 minutes after taking each dose. I tapered off after 2-3 months.
3060	8.0	It's working fine for me so far
3061	2.0	I went on Busiprone Jan 10 it is now  30th, 20 days of half being good, but the last week  I have had the worst panic attacks ever in my life being on this stuff. 7.5mg x 2 twice a day. heart palps, panic attacks, coldness, dizziness,  tired eyes, back and chest muscles are tight, especially in between doses, yet everyone said wait the 3 weeks, no thank you! today is the last day,  anxiety hasn't improved and a massive panic attack almost sending me to the E.R. tonight, they were more constant on this stuff!  I have had 4 attacks in my life, this week  its been 4/5 per day, every other day. Idk,  tonight I thought I was going to loose my mind after I took them. The ending point was I could feel the meds kick in, but this last attack was so severe, it scared me I  know it was a weird reaction to these meds, cuz now that it  is out of my system, I feel fine.. this drug is horrible.
3062	7.0	I've struggled with anxiety all of my life. I am also about to get tested for ADHD in my 40's. The Buspar has stopped the constant worry, but the focus issue and being scattered brained hasn't changed. My anxiety is definitely better. But it's all at a price. I feel emotionally numb. I don't really feel much anything. I'm could just sit and stare watching everyone life go by except for continuing to fidget and tapping my feet constantly. I'm on 5mg twice a day for two weeks now. Its nice to have relief from the anxiety but my fidgety mind is trapped in this sluggish emotional state. My heart and my head feel like two separate entities strangely. And my dreams are so vivid I feel like I'm in something as real as when I'm awake. I dreamed I in  an earthquake, tsunami and I saw my dog get bit in the face by a gigantic snake. I almost would rather deal with the anxiety. At least I felt normal.
3063	1.0	"I took my first buspar last night. I was told to split it in half the first week. So my prescription was 15mg but, my first dose was 7.5mg anyways...20 min later..I was lying in bed playing a game on my phone when suddenly my vision got blurry and then five min after that I started to tremble uncontrollably and then came the diarrhea. I had a hard time falling asleep too. I went from feeling just ""ok"" to a full blown freak out. Never again will I take this drug."
3064	1.0	DO NOT TAKE THIS CRAP! My experience was so bad I actually turned to Burboun to get me out of this hole that buspar put me in. I can only explain it like this: take the most familiar place to you and suddenly this place you know so well doesn't look the same. Like all the furniture got rearranged but nothing moved. Like your home was relocated to the twilight zone. Not cool. Neither are these people who are  taking people off meds that work and handing out garbage like this to save their own skin.
3065	2.0	It took away my ability to sleep. I didn’t notice anything more.
3066	8.0	"Age: 25
Wieght: 305lbs
Height: 6'2""

Reason for taking: anxiety &amp; depression
Dosage: two 10mg tablets twice a day
Side effects: (mild) racing thoughts, (mild) cluster headache, (mild) fuziness

Upsides: This drug does in fact amplify the effects of other drugs. I also exercise daily with an occasional day off and I feel incredibly good mentally while doing the exercises. It is uplifting (very lightly) somewhat similar to how an antidepressant makes you feel without as much zombie effect and not as happy. You have clear thoughts (though some might have racing) and are able to be yourself. I get great sleep and the dreams are good too.

Recommendations: three a day at a lower dose, take last dose 8-10 hours before needing to be up the next day."
3067	10.0	I have been suffering from SEVERE anxiety all of my life. It was debilitating for me, people around would never know I was experiencing it because I would make myself losing and look happy, when really I was full of anxious energy and worry. I worried about EVERYTHING. Death mostly. It was obsessive. I never wanted try medicine so I just kept dealing with it. Recently, it peaked to the point I could no longer handle it. After researching medications I decided to try BuSpar, specifically for anxiety.  I know most do not see the benefits for at least 2 weeks, however, I’m on day two and I feel “normal”. I have never felt normalcy ever in my life. But I finally feel free of anxIety. I felt dizziness upon the first dose, nothing else yet.
3068	9.0	Began taking a small dose of Buspirone in Feb.  Had dizziness, headache, feeling nervous &amp; excitable, and mostly feeling sleepy.  Side effects have gone away.  Did help with my anxiety.  Caused a few days of jitters when I got off.  Now I take 1/2 a dose when I feel anxious or know I am going to be in a situation I will not be comfortable (lots of people, etc.) If I take half a dose for only a few days I only get the jitters for a few hours when I go off.  Really like this drug!
3069	8.0	"I was prescribed Buspirone in October of this year to help with anxiety and a very fast heart beat. When I originally went to see my doctor the very first time my heart rate was 116. Two weeks later, and two weeks after starting Buspirone, my heart rate was 86. It now seems to fluctuate between 98 - 74. 
The first few weeks were miserable and the first week was the worst. I actually ended up quitting  on day 2 because of the dizziness and restarted a week later. When I restarted the symptoms weren't as bad. I still get dizzy sometimes but my doctor said it's most likely because my heart is slowing down."
3070	4.0	"pros: significant decrease in GAD and social anxiety, easier to reach orgasm, less paranoia, felt more ""normal"" cons: no motivation to finish day to day activities, made me irritable, gave me anxiety when thinking about how to reach future goals because it prevented me from pushing myself to take the necessary steps to achieve the things I want.  It was costly without insurance, &amp; even though it relieved a lot of my social anxiety I feel it's prevented me from being as social as I used to be, even with the anxiety."
3071	10.0	"Hi, I have been on buspirone for now 3 weeks and I am amazed at how well this medication works so far for me. I have strong generalized anxiety but manifest mainly psychologicaly. I take 25mg per day.

On the positive side so far: I have way better concentration since I'm worrying a lot less than I used to, I have more mental energy,  more productive at work and overall way more relax.  I used to cancel all my plans last minute because I was stressing out and now I feel relaxed enough to go on with my plans which makes me feel more happy and confident.

On the negative side so far: I felt some dizziness after taking the doses. I am now trying to take more of the dosage before going to sleep instead of early in the morning.

Cheers everyone"
3072	6.0	"Been on Buspar 6 weeks &amp; 1 day today. Trying to stay the course &amp; not give up till 8 weeks.

On 15mg (3x /day) &amp; titrated my way up over the last 6 wks. Tried 20mg but felt like I took speed &amp; my extremities had very uncomfortable tingling. 

Even at 6 wks when I take my 5mg dose my heart still races &amp; I get dizzy &amp; feel some heightened anxiety about an hour after taking it. Lasts about an hour. I also have some left leg thigh pain now.

I’ve read so much on this drug &amp; it’s hard to know if you should go up or down in dose to get the right level for your body. My pDoc doesn’t seem to know much more than I do. 

In those 6 wks I’ve only had a few hours out of 2 non-consecutive days of anxiety/fear relief.

 I’ll write another review at 8 wks"
3073	10.0	I started Buspar 2 months ago and at first I did have the side effects for the first 3 weeks, but was given anti nausea med and reduced the nausea. Have lost 12 pounds and have kept it off. Eating a little as no changes in what I eat. No sweets. And that makes me happy. And no more anxiety
3074	8.0	I’ve found Buspar to be fairly effective helping control health-related anxiety. Buspar has helped tremendously. Two very important things: First, it took probably two weeks to really kick in. Second, the correct dosage was critical. The doctor initially started me on 15mg per day. While it helped, I was still having days. We bumped it to 20 mg, and it has made a world of difference. We gradually increased the dosage to 30 mg, but my arms began aching with no significant improvement, so we went back to 20 mg. My morning dose still makes me lightheaded for a bit, but I’m better able cope with my anxiety.
3075	5.0	"I've been begging for years to take an anti anxiety medication. I was initially diagnosed with depression &amp; anxiety. My neurologist increased my Effexor from 75mg to 150mg/day to treat the numbness and tingling in my feet due to diabetes. I became manic with my driving and spending habits. I was then re-diagnosed as being bipolar. I went years without anxiety medication and had several trips to the hospital with anxiety attacks that felt more like heart attacks. 
I was put on Buspar and took my first dose last night. This morning I couldn't find my wig. I ended up late to work in hopes of locating it. It's not where I left it and I wonder if I was sleep walking. Anyone experience anything similar?"
3076	4.0	"Just started Buspirone 10mg twice a day. For years I have been on Celexa, Bupropion, and Clonazepam. Those 3 worked for me, but my doc suggests instead of taking clonazepam daily, I should try Buspirone for long term use, &amp; clonazepam for when my panic attacks are truly out of control. 

So far the drug combination has had no major negative interactions. I take the Buspirone with food. The first 2 days in &amp; I had pretty bad headaches, about 2 weeks in now &amp; tonight I'm having severe dizziness, which is making me nauseas. I'm definitely going to keep going on them though.  I LOVE my clonazepam (klonopin). Its almost instant relief during an attack, but after reading about it extensively &amp; talking with my 2 docs, I'm ready to get off of it."
3077	5.0	"This is my second day on buspar 5mg once a day. My Provider’s  (psych) instructions were 5mg 3x day, but she went out of town, so I called the pharmacy asking other questions and I was told to start with 1 a day, then after 5d to move to twice a day, then a few days later go to full dose of 3x.day.

I have anxiety and panic disorder.

I’m also currently on 15 mg of mirtazapine and I’m slowly weaning off it (1/10th the dose every 45d). Mirtazapine NEVER helped me but made me feel much much worse. Evil POS drug.

What I found interesting is an hour after the first dose of Buspar yesterday I felt the fear and anxiety go away, nearly completely. It was amazing. But today after taking it i feel the same as I did before ever taking it. "
3078	7.0	The medication allows one to become calm, if they allow it to work. You will need time to get used to how it affects you in the long run. It will make you sleepy.
3079	2.0	I had high hopes that this would help my anxiety but it seems like it made my anxiety a lot worse. I now experience bad nausea and trembling which didn't happen before. I also had low appetite and more severe anxiety attacks.  I took 15mg twice a day for six weeks. Thankfully it doesn't have withdrawal effects but unfortunately it didn't work for me.
3080	10.0	I started taking buspirone 5mg 3x a daily due to having severe anxiety I've been on it for a few days now and I noticed it's effectiveness the very first day!! I did have a terrible headache the first day but none since then. It definitely helps keep me calm and I'm able to function without an attack, I was a little skeptical at first looking at all the negative reviews but it actually has done wonders for me in the few days I've been on it.
3081	9.0	I've been on Buspar for two years. The drug does not 'kick in' quickly, but once it does start working, one notices a nice, quiet calm. (It started working for me after ~ 30 days. )It's nothing like the benzodiazepines (thank goodness) and does not make me feel like a zombie with memory problems like Clonazepam (Klonopin) or Valium, etc. I use this in conjunction with Cymbalta and this combination helps me with both anxiety and depression. The only side effect I notice is that I might sweat a bit more. It is non-addictive, but as with any drug used long-term, one become physically dependent upon Buspar and one should follow a withdrawal schedule formulated by your PCP.
3082	1.0	I was put on this medication for anxiety and man do I regret it. I have only taken this medication for one day and cannot stop vomiting. I have the sweats, my skin is clammy, I'm very dizzy, I am very weak. I have tried eating chicken noodle soup and sipping on a Powerade and I can already feel that wanting to come back up! No way will I continue this! It may work for some but I can't even make it past day one...
3083	7.0	I augmented my SSRI Lexapro with BuSpar to help bring my initial startup anxiety down the first few weeks of starting an SSRI. I must be one of the lucky people who found BuSpar to be effective because it did greatly relieve my anxiety, especially tapering up my dosage over a few weeks time. I only had to take one Xanax over the period of a month when starting up my SSRI thanks to BuSpar.
3084	2.0	"Overall- waste of money long term because it only works for a few weeks.  Exercise and meditation will be more beneficial.  However, if you're doing exposure therapy in addition to, those few weeks the medicine is working may help you overcome the initial hurdle. 

Initial side effects were dizziness and terrible fatigue.  Only lasted first 3-4 days, then you could feel the medicine start working.  Buspar only worked for two weeks though.  Regardless, I took it 4-5 months while still having regular anxiety attacks.  I started tapering off last week, and thankfully no withdrawal symptoms (not like Xanax).  That is at least a plus."
3085	1.0	"My doctor prescribed Buspar 5mg 3x daily as I eased off Effexor. The Effexor worked great except for the sexual side affects and the hardcore addiction. I have nothing good to say about Buspar. I thought I was losing my mind. Felt severely unbalanced. Nauseated. Confused. Thirsty. Insomnia. You name it! My endocrinologist thought I might be diabetic because of family history. No, it was all the Buspar. Why should something that is suppose to help generalised anxiety make you feel like you are losing it? 

I ended up slowly getting off of Effexor and pitching the Buspar. I need something for generalised anxiety but I am scared of another bad trip."
3086	10.0	"When I started having severe anxiety and panic attacks years ago I had a doctor who had no difficulty shoving me on Xanax and Klonopin. I was completely unaware how addictive and awful these drugs were. I weaned myself of the drugs after years of taking them. After withdrawal I did fine. About a year ago my anxiety and panic attacks returned and I was going to a different doctor. She tried me on Zoloft first and very sparingly gave me Xanax for those ""I'm going to die moments"". After about 3 months the Zoloft wasn't helping much without the occasional Xanax kick so she doubled the Zoloft and I about crawled out of my skin. She asked me if I want to try Buspiron. No anxiety and sleeping like a baby."
3087	9.0	Effective. Regular constant use led to a solid stable benefit. The drug is mild, unnoticable but with time you realize something has changed for the better. Positive effect on libido. Improved concentration, mood, curiousity, rest.
3088	1.0	After years of klonopin/Xanax &amp; zolft, MY so-called Dr switches me to Buspar&amp; Lexapro. This is the most worthless bunch of junk medicine ever created. It just sent me into benzo withdrawals !!! Horrible ones that last days. I have to find another Dr that had mercy on me and put me back on Xanax.
3089	2.0	"Started 3wks. ago, have stayed on it but awful side effects, can't get through to my doctor without having an even greater Anxiety Attack than I'm already having. This medication Goes right up on the Top Worse Self for Bad Medications I have been on. 
Shaking inside, dry chalky mouth &amp; throat, upset stomach, vomiting, nervousness &amp; even more emotional than normal (if that's possible).
It feels like everything that's wrong with me has been intensified!"
3090	9.0	"This medication is great!! I've been suffering severe anxiety for three years now, and I finally decided to get on some medication for it. Zoloft didn't work for me, and made me feel horrible, so we tried buspar next. The only side effects I got was slight dizziness and feeling fuzzy for the first three days and then I was fine.
I'm definitely way less anxious now, and it was great. I suggest giving it a try if its just anxiety and not depression, cause that's what things like Zoloft focus on."
3091	10.0	I have been fighting High BP and anxiety for 11 year with no relief. Tried every class of BP meds and SSIR meds. Its early yet but my BP is down from 170/100 to 130/80. I just switched to Buspar 10 mg twice a say, Nifedipine 30 mg and 0.5 mg clonazepam. I'm praying this is the magic bullet. Don't give up!
3092	1.0	Feel very uncomfortable, shaking, feels like pulses/shocks through my body, doesn't help what my #worthlessDoctor said it would.
3093	1.0	Have been taking 5mg twice a day for the last 4 days, stopped taking it today. It was like I had drank 6 Redbulls. Jittery, sweating, dizzy, nauseous, twitching. The Welbutrin I take is awesome, not a single side effect, but needed something more for some anxiety. But I had to stop taking this, just waaaay to gnarly even for a bigger guy like me.
3094	5.0	I've been on this for 2 days so far. 7.5mg twice a day. Every time I take this, I feel weak, shaky, and like I need to lay down because I think I'm going to faint. I've notice a slight change in my worries so far but only because nothing major has happened. I hope the side effects go away because I have horrible anxiety and I don't want to take xanex due to my brothers addiction to them and my grandpas anxiety that made him out of it so it worries me. If this doesn't work I don't know what else to do. I hope this works for people who have severe anxiety like me that avoids anything social, worries constantly, racing thoughts, etc.
3095	3.0	I have been on Buspar for about 2 months now for anxiety from keppra. It seems to work sometime but when I get an anxiety or panic attack it hits hard. I was on 5mg twice a day and now my dose is really high. Like today it seems to have no effect. And I'm always lightheaded dizzy fogged out feeling. And my other doctor said to try Xanax.
3096	3.0	"I was prescribed this drug for anxiety I took it home and managed to take it for 2 days but immediately noticed severe insomnia that after two days made me stop taking it. On top of the inability to sleep despite feeling tired I had absolutely zero appetite. In the little over 48 hours I had only managed to eat a handful of cherries... 
However when I was on the drug I did notice less irritability and increased fatigue which I attributed to not sleeping or eating."
3097	6.0	I've been on Buspirone for many years. I also take Lamotrigine (Lamictil).  I have a less anxiety but a lot of social anxiety still. What I didn't connect, until reading a lot of fellow Buspirone takers here, is that the faintness I get (feeling like I'll pass out if I don't sit) and also about every 3 months I get the dizzyness.  Sometimes when I lay down in bed the ceiling looks like it's spinning wildly.  I always have to bring snacks with me everywhere for those times of faintness.  I thought they were just how I am normally.  I'll have to check with my doctor. I'd have thought she'd have brought that up before :(  I don't remember if I had the other symptoms of some here, with the headaches and nausea.  Too long ago.
3098	8.0	I started out on 5 mg, 3 times day and am now at 10 mg 3-4 times a day. I've experienced no side effects. I do feel less anxiety (constant worry, easily irritated), but feel it come back about 5 hours later. It has taken the edge off of social anxiety but has taken about 2 months to get there. It is a mild anti anxiety med. It doesn't make you feel drugged or spaced out. It helps to give you the ability to stop the anxious thoughts but doesn't seem to do it all for you. I have ADD as well and take Wellbutrin along with Buspar. I have taken Lexapro and although it does wonders for anxiety it also caused me to feel a bit manic over time. Lexapro also wiped out my memory. I have a grandson now and I want to remember and be at my best for him.
3099	1.0	"How this ""medication"" ever got approved is beyond me. In my case, I have been taking the maximum dose allowed (60 mg per day) for months, and my reaction is a big yawn. Zip, nada nothing. Doesn't help with anxiety, and forget my panic attacks. Too bad my docs refuse to give me Xanax (alprazolam) any more... guidelines! I guess I'm supposed to chew on a stick when I get anxiety or panic attacks. Right."
3100	10.0	I experienced my very first Anxiety attack three months ago, stemming from stress from work and eventually from fear of dying (provoked by the symptoms of the attacks). I began to fear nights, because they occurred at night, preventing me from properly sleep. I went two months without seeking medical help, until I did. I was diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder. They prescribed me BuSpar/Busporine; I've been on it for a little over a month now (7.5m.g. twice a day) and OH MY GOSH, it saved my life. I haven't had an anxiety attack since the first day I began taking it! The first week, the only side effects I got were feeling groggy in the morning, but at night when you take it they do help you immensely to fall asleep.
3101	2.0	"I just started this, I am on my third day my Anxiety has not gotten any better.
I am wondering how long  it takes to help? I just want to feel like my old self again."
3102	3.0	Thought this was a miracle drug for me. At first I was taking 5 mg a day twice a day with no side effects. NO SIDE EFFECTS, it was a dream!  Since I tried all the SSRIs with no luck, due to intolerable side effects I had very high hopes.  Once day six came around I started to feel the drug working more.  That night I came home after working two 12 hour shifts back to back,  and I had the worst insomnia of my life. I have NEVER EVER had trouble sleeping after my twelve hour shifts. I was up for almost 24 hours it was so bad and I was absolutely exhausted and miserable. Needless to say, I deemed the insomnia not worth taking this drug.
3103	1.0	This medication did not work for my anxiety.  BuSpar actually allowed my anxiety to increase with severe insomnia and vivid dreams.  It also caused severe stomach and intestinal problems.  I also experienced dizziness irritability and incoordination.  There are other symptoms from BuSpar these are the main ones that caused me to stop  taking the drug.
3104	2.0	I was on 15 mg of buspirone for many months. I recently lost my job and have a lot of anxiety and depression. I am seeing a psychiatrist who said my dose was too low and upped it to 60 mg a day. I still don't feel like it is working. I am also on Zoloft. I still am having a lot of anxiety. Years ago I was on Ativan and it was a miracle drug for me. I would like to stop the buspirone and just take the Ativan as needed. I see my psychiatrist in a couple weeks and am going to suggest that. I also have the feeling of a huge lump in my throat that I know is stress related.
3105	2.0	Developed anxiety and panic again after not having it for 30 years.  Could  have been triggered by an attack of vertigo.  Dr. put me on Buspar 10mg twice a day.  I was also on Prozac 20 mg once a day and Clonopin 0.5mg once at night for years and felt just fine.  The Buspar made me spacey and did not help the anxiety.  They reduced it to 5mg twice a day.  Still a little spacey and did not help anxiety.  Upped my Clonopin to an extra 0.5mg in morning and 0.25mg in afternoon.  Buspar is not helping.  Going to ask my doctor to change to something else.  Been on it almost a couple of months.  Any help anyone can give me?  Thanks so much.  I am also afraid to be alone at home since hubby works 2nd shift but is going to 1st shift next week which will help.
3106	2.0	I've been on this for about 3 weeks now. At first I thought it was helping my anxiety a bit but then I realized it was just making me tired and loopy after I took it, and that's worn off now (which is good but now I realized it wasn't helping). Giving it 3 stars because it didn't hurt me except for the tired loopy feeling, and I can't orgasm easily at all. Also my appetite is gone so I've lost some weight, which is nice except having no appetite meant I wasn't taking in enough calories so I was even more tired. Basically it was just pointless and didn't help.
3107	10.0	"I used buspar 5mg once every few years.  It's very good for me and very mild.  I tried double dosage once and I was groggy.  But on 5mg, I was perfectly normal.  When I get my anxiety attack (once every decade or so) my hands shake, can't eat, color of my face goes pale....  but immediately soon after taking buspar, I feel much better.

Please note that these medication don't work just as well on everybody.  The nature of psychotropic medication would work wonders on one person, and horribly or not at all one another person.  You gotta keep trying until you find something that works for you."
3108	1.0	"Started taking the lowest dose, when that seemed ineffective the doctor upped the dosage, a few times. The entire time I was on the medication I had horrible dizzy spells. I had to time my taking it just right so I would be able to drive to work safely. At first I felt better. I was hoping this was the medicine that would help me with my anxiety. I had hope my body would ""get used to it"" and the dizziness would eventually end. That never happened. I gave it a full year (I know now how ridiculous that was). During this time period I also had really negative thoughts that I absolutely believe were linked to the medication. I have been off of it and on a different medication for almost a year now and can finally see what it was doing to me."
3109	1.0	"I did not like this medication nor do I recommend it.
 I don't know if I was taking a low dose or a normal dose but I was on 10 mg twice a day. That medication made me feel very tingly, I felt like a rubberband that was stretched pulled, this was a daily feeling, it was scary. 
 I also had feelings of not being able to control myself. For example when washing dishes I felt that I was out of control. So I hurried and washed dishes.
 I took this medication for about 2 months, I stopped taking it. I will never again take it again.
 What did help me with 95% of my anxiety attacks was to stay away from sugar and flour products. Now I rarely have anxiety attacks. More Protein!"
3110	8.0	Only been on it for about a month but so far it's really helped. Had me on Paxil as well at first and I hated how I felt on that - lots of headaches and sweating. Doing much better on the Buspar alone.
3111	8.0	I've been taking buspar in differing doses on and off for over a year. I was prescribed it and 0.5mg xanax for severe anxiety and panic attacks. Taken together it was helping only couldn't function or take care of my daughter while taking both. Since moving to another state I stopped taking the xanax and then got pregnant so can't take it anyways. My anxiety and panic issues got better after moving to the new state. But getting pregnant again my anxiety came back . I was started on a slightly lower dose then was taking before and it was too much for me so my ob and I decided on a lower dose but I upped it due to not being helpful I will be upping again and hopefully it helps... Its a good medication if the right dose.
3112	1.0	Prescribed 7.5mg twice a day, to eventually move up to 15mg. The first dose made me so dizzy and lightheaded that to had to lie down. I tried just one small dose for a few days after, kept getting dizzy spells and feeling faint. Actually increased anxiety because I was so worried about the side effects
3113	10.0	"I have debilitating anxiety which keeps me from leaving the house many days. Before, I would cry almost daily, even when life was going better. The little things tore me apart. With the buspar... it's like I'm getting ""moments"" back. I still get anxious sometimes, but I have occasional periods of feeling. ... normal. Clear. Simple, natural interactions with family and friends are possible again. As time goes on, I'm experiencing more and more ""moments"" of real life again, or, life before anxiety. Multiple friends have told me I seem much happier. Though I don't particularly think of myself as suddenly "" all sunshine and roses"",  I feel like I have my life back. I'm actually living again."
3114	1.0	FAINTING SPELL. About 30 minutes after taking this, for about 15 minutes my heart would race (~135bpm?), and I would feel as if I were about to FAINT (head rush?). I would spend 15 minutes trying to remain calm, fighting the urge to collapse. I tried it twice and had the same response. Thank goodness I wasn't driving when it kicked in. My wife had a similar reaction. Seriously, please be cautious when first trying this medication.
3115	1.0	I still had anxiety. I woke up in the middle of the night, but in the morning I was dizzy till about 11. Can't be productive on this medicine!
3116	10.0	28 female- I was diagnosed with Bipolar, manic depressive when I was 14. I have been on an off of medication for years. When I approached my PCP for medication for my anxiety they were nervous about giving me a SSRI due to they make me manic. They tried giving me abilify but that landed me in the ER. Buspirone was my last resort. It's been about 4 weeks and what a difference. I'm enjoying my life with my kids, family, and friends again. I used to go everywhere with no problems but the past 7 months I could barely leave my house. I shut down completely. Buspirone is changing me back to the person I was. My anger has diminished. My paranoia is gone. I can go out in public without a panic attack or racing thoughts.
3117	4.0	I am taking the buspar but it making me feel too relaxed and giving me worse anxiety. My whole body is tingly and I have a huge headache I don't have anything else that to take but I am so afraid to take it - it is Saturday I can't get a hold of my dr. I just don't what to anymore anyone have any ideas
3118	10.0	I started on 5 mg for anxiety caused by my OCD. I got bumped to 7.5 and within 3 days could feel some of the terrible anxiety burn I get in my upper back go away. A month went by and I had a terrible setback with depression because I could no longer could deal with my panic &amp; OCD. Doctor bumped me to 10 mg. Same pattern occurred.... within 3 days I was feeling better. In fact, had the best day in a while. It might just be a coincidence and therapy might be helping in conjunction with, but I notice Buspar does help with my extreme anxiety, but only when I went above 5 mg. I have not noticed any side effects. I'm also taking zoloft, zyprexa 2.5, and klonipin .25. I have endured a lot with panic attacks, OCD, and depression hence all the meds.
3119	7.0	So, I give this 7 out of 10. I'd give it 10 out of 10, but the first week on this was really uncomfortable. I almost stopped using it. I started out at 10 mg buspar once a day and then after a week increased to 10 twice a day . The first week, I won't lie, was a doozy. My psych said that her patients either love it or hate it and it's pretty much 50/50 with little gray area. But since it's inexpensive, been around for a while, and is pretty safe, she likes that to be the first option when dealing with GAD. Fair. The first week, I was really, really dizzy. Felt a bit fuzzy in the head. kind of jumpy. I had to pull over while driving and sit down for a bit. BUT after about two weeks. Whoah. My life is changed. I'm no longer so anxious!!
3120	8.0	This medication can be effective when used correctly. It has to be taken every day around the same time, much like the way an antidepressant works. It takes a few weeks to become effective. It is not to be taken as needed, as someone mentioned. You have to keep a steady dose of it in your system. For me, it works much better at low doses, best benefit with least side effects, when taken this way.
3121	9.0	I take it when I start getting overwhelmed, I don't take it every day just as needed ,works good for me , I  don't like long term meds or anything that makes me weird in the head, so far I take at least 2 or 3 in a weeks time sometimes less, it calms me down to where I can function, all in all I'm ok with it, everyone is different and have different effects
3122	3.0	"I'm on the fence about this medication, I used it for generalized anxiety disorder which was exacerbated after my mother passed away unexpectedly.
Well I have to say, I was shaky like I was just as anxious, so I though it was the anxiety, so I stopped the medication after 6 months and I am not shaky anymore, I also feel like everything is clearer.
I was on a very light dose 2.5mg three times a day.  Maybe I did not take enough.
So he gave me Lexapro, which I have not started, I am holding out, when I get anxious I take a half of a .25 xanax and it keeps the anxiety away.
So if I was to say I don't think this medication helped very much.  Maybe at a higher dose, I don't know.  I am skeptical about taking anything like this."
3123	1.0	I been like a lab rat for many years.  Have been on and off this trash  Hasn't ever helped me.  They (different Dr throughout years)  will try this first.  For one.  I don't want to be over or under medicated. I understand everybody reacts differently to prescriptions or any thing they eat, drink, or put in body.  Honestly for me I believe these are placebos (like a sugar or salt pill).  I do not abuse any medication.  I've been up to 75 MG throughout a day.  I can tell you   .5mg of clonazepam 3 times  a day and I function pretty well.  Have had Valium, xanax and felt like a zombie throughout the day.  Do work with your Dr.  Hopefully you have one that will listen.  And offer suggestions if this doesn't work.   Good luck
3124	5.0	"Works well in combination with an SSRI. I stopped Buspar due to drowsiness and immediate weight gain. I experienced increased appetite and wanted to eat constantly. 
I was diagnosed with Adult Attention Deficit Disorder without Hyperactivity. I currently take Adderall, low dose Wellbutrin XL, and low dose Prozac. 
The Prozac and Wellbutrin XL assist in alleviating depressive symptoms during the winter months. 
Everyone is unique. Talk to your doctor; follow their advice."
3125	1.0	I took this medication for several months for anxiety and it did nothing to help at all.  In fact my anxiety got worse.
3126	3.0	Didn't do anything but make me tired.. started at 15mg and went all the way up to 60mg with no improvement.
3127	9.0	I think buspar is working really well for me.. I also take zoloft and its a great combination so far. I do get a little dizzy but my anxiety was so bad that I'd rather be a little dizzy than anxious..
3128	9.0	Have had anxiety for many years, have tried numerous meds and none worked for long. Because of numerous surgeries I have a high drug tolerance and sometimes weird reactions. After taking Cymbalta for 3 years the excessive sweating just became too much, I am now on Lexapro and was using Clonazapan when an attack would start,concerned about addiction to Clonazapan my doctor suggested Buspar. I started with 7.5 twice a day did not feel much until starting the third week then 10mg 3xs a day. Did have side effects but was encouraged to wait 4wks, so glad I did. 1st time in years and I mean years, I feel like the old me, sleep through the night, no side effects. I encourage you to wait and see before you give up on it, for me well worth it.
3129	5.0	Not sure about this one yet. I have been on it for only five days now and it's a roller coaster ride. Sometimes I feel okay and other times I feel like I'm going crazy. My doctor prescribed me to take 15mg twice daily which I think was way too much to start out with. I literally felt like I was going to lose my mind because of the thoughts I was having. I also think this has increased my depression and feeling of isolation. I know that this medication takes time to work in your system and that it can make symptoms worse while it is working so I'm going to try and ride it out a little longer. I've cut my dosage in half to 7.5 twice daily and I'm going to see if that helps.
3130	10.0	"Started taking about 4 weeks ago. I have bad anxiety that had manifested into depression. Doctor was trying  me on lamictal, To help with my severe mood swings, and anxiety.
I was on it for 2 months,  
I take this medication twice day. I notice I have bouts of being really talkative. Sleep is good, although I take Ambien. My over all mood has done a 180, anxiety level is maybe a 1-2.
I've noticed a decrease in my appetite, not as hungry . Has not affected my energy level. I work out 5 days a week. 

My libido has increased, that may be from just being in a better mood."
3131	8.0	Have been on Buspar for a few months, and I like it a lot! It has made severe and paralyzing anxiety lift to a manageable level, even while taking a low dosage of 10 mg daily. My Dr. told me that I can increase the dosage, since in taking so little it doesn't rid me of anxiety completely (no med can). But I noticed that when I upped my dose my appetite came back more than I would have liked. Essentially, I think it works to strengthen my SSRI (sertraline); and I did have dizziness when I first started and felt pretty bad, but that's common for anti-anxieties and usually goes away as your body gets used to it. I do still find however after I take my morning dose (usually) with coffee I do feel a bit woozy but it usually wears off quickly.
3132	7.0	Buspar* Took 5 MG at 10:00 pm and stayed up until 2 am the night before work (due to being very mentally hyper and aware). Mouth and eyes very dry the next day.  Felt very weird all day the next day. Very hyper.  Wanted to continuously talk.  Felt wired but yet didn't really want to move.  Hard to function at work, but yet was in good mood (almost felt drunk). Seemed like I was slurring(possibly from dry mouth?)
3133	8.0	I've been titrating up on Buspar after going off of Xanax last year and then starting up with 5mg fluoxetine and 10mg doxepin. So far, this is working far more gently than the xanax. I don't have a zap of relief following by impending panic attacks within hours. I am much more level. I am having side effects of nausea, dizziness, and light-headedness for a few days after each increase in dosage. I'm up to 20mg 3x a day and I'm supposed to sit tight here so I'm hoping to be done with the side effects soon and get into a stable state. I had a ton of problems with withdrawal from the benzos so I don't want to go back to them; buspirone has been a great alternative so far. My anxiety is so bad that I'd rather be dizzy and nauseated than anxious
3134	1.0	This stuff is HORRIBLE. Made me very irritated/jumpy/even more anxious. Felt like my mind was racing...felt even more overwhelmed. This is the worst stuff I've been on yet..I had to stop taking it because I couldn't even function right.  This stuff is really, really bad.. doc put me on Lexapro today hopefully that helps!!
3135	2.0	My doctor put me on this medicine on 2-17-2017 twice a day at 7.5mg for my anxiety and stress levels. Today is 2-20-2017 and I'm already having issues. I ended up getting extremely light headed, heart racing, sweating, and dizzy all in the matter of five minutes. I went to go to the bathroom so I could try and feel better. Next time I remember I was on the floor laying in a pool of my own vomit. At that time, I had no idea what was going on, what had happened, or anything. I ended up having a bad seizure. I was locked in place for five minutes, not breathing properly, and throwing up everywhere. I was extremely confused and exhausted like I had just ran a marathon. Went to bed and had another one six hours later.
3136	6.0	I feel like most of the reviews that say they had panic attacks on it is because they had reduced or stopped a benzo Xanax, kolanapin, valum. I am on Xanax and feel a difference after taking buspar for a while. My doctor did not take me off the xanax or lower the dose but said see how you feel. I also have a non addicting personality but I am dependent on the medication ill admit. i feel that most of you should have started taking the buspar and took the benzo as well because you might be feeling the anxiety more because of that not the new medication. You are withdrawing. These medications need to be slowly weened off and only after the new meds have started working. I feel bad you guys didn't give it a chance because of your Drs.
3137	7.0	"I've been on bupropion for depression several years with dry mouth being the only side effect. Panic attacks started a couple of years ago. Take Xanax and it works great for me. Last year the panic attacks started occurring more often with severe anxiety this past fall. I didn't want to get addicted to Xanax by taking several times or more a week. Started Buspirone 7.5 mg 2/x per day. I felt relief from my anxiety in about 3 weeks, but around 8-10 week mark I felt like it contributed to weight gain and bloating . Taking 7.5 only once a day lessened side effects. However 3mo. now weight gain is 5-6 lbs (a lot for 5'1""), bloated and water retention none of which is reducing with proper diet, exercise and increased water intake."
3138	1.0	I left a review awhile back, but now I have to revise it. When I first started taking Buspar I was happy with it, but then it stopped working for me. I'm now on the max dosage of 60 mg. I take 30 mg in the morning &amp; 30 mg in the evening, but it is not helping me at all. I still have very bad anxiety, panic attacks &amp; paranoia. Since it isn't doing anything for me I will probably stop taking it.
3139	1.0	I've had panic and general anxiety for years. It's been exacerbated by hormonal changes and menopause, and I've had major trouble getting a full night's sleep. I have used Xanax occasionally and love the way it eliminates my anxiety, but I don't want to get addicted. My doc had me try a low dose Buspar and it didn't work for me at all. Gave me a horrendous headache, very very painful. I tried it for about three days and had the same experience every time. I had to stop taking it since this side effect was debilitating. I was hoping it would work for me, and so glad it works for others. Just putting my experience out there in case others have this problem. I'm trying Celexa now instead and have learned to limit Xanax usage.
3140	1.0	It is too bad that doctor's are so freaked out about addictive behavior to the point where they are willing to let people suffer.  Valium in low dose works and this is just junk.  It may work for some but even results using test rats I have seen state they have low results.   I resent it when a person really needs help for acute conditions and they are given this kind of low performing medication.
3141	1.0	I have bipolar disorder with anxiety problems. My nurse practitioner  at my psychiatrist office persribed buspar for my anxiety. I got home took it and went to bed, only to wake up in the middle of the night with the bed soaked in sweat, i'm burning up with my heart beating so fast my chest was hurting. I went back to my old medicine after that.
3142	8.0	I've long used BuSpar, and it is an odd duck. Alone, it did little, but in combination with other meds it's amazing. Particularly SSRIs. It seems to amplify other meds, from painkillers to Prozac. It's not something I'm afraid to take, the boost is subtle but it definitely helps my anxiety slip away. I've not noticed any sick withdrawal efffects, being off it once for 2 months. I take 30 mg/day in two 15 mg doses.
3143	1.0	I started taking this medicine last Saturday after I had an attack and passed out on the floor Friday and was sent to the ER. Well they prescribed me this, I have never had any situations like this before, and since I have been taking it I have been so confused, slow to react, tired, dizzy, and can't even hardly function at my job right now.
3144	10.0	"I know this med doesn't work for everyone, but I really love buspar. When I started it, and whenever I have gone up in dose, I'll get a few days of headaches, but the side effects are so mild, and this is coming from someone who couldn't handle 5mg of lexapro.

Buspar is the only med I take and I no longer have crushing and debilitating anxiety. I've got a totally normal level of anxiety. Best of all, I feel like myself completely (minus the anxiety, lol).

I take 15mg twice a day"
3145	1.0	I started Buspar because I was having anxiety with the horrendous pain from gallbladder attacks. I started out at 7.5 for three days and then was supposed to advance to 15 mg.  During the week of starting this, I had to have an emergency surgery for my gallbladder.  When I was finally able to take this consistently, I found that I suffered from insomnia, felt restless and nervous, dizzy, and down right horrible. I have taken it less than a week and I have an appointment to see the doctor tomorrow.  If I stop taking this, will I have withdrawal symptoms?  Or should I do this gradually?  My gallbladder symptoms are gone and my body feels great after the surgery.  Any suggestions?
3146	8.0	I've been on Buspar for 7 days, and I have already noticed that my life-long intrusive thoughts/rumination have died down a lot. I have also noticed a decrease in social anxiety. I'm taking 15mg a day, 7.5 morning/evening. I wasn't on anything before, so I have nothing to compare to but my untreated state.
3147	1.0	Went into anaphylaxis after third dose. Increased anxiety. Had to go to the emergency room via ambulance. Mouth, tongue, &amp; throat were swollen, chest was tight, severe all over itching, &amp; itching throat. Found out this only works 50% of the time. That it's a hail Mary drug. It works on half of the people, makes the other half worse. Be very cautious with this one. Because it's a 50/50 chance.
3148	6.0	"I take it when I have an Anxiety - feel relief in about 30min.
Also I take it before bedtime and I find it a very good sleeping pill.
If you have insomnia- take 7.5 Remeron. It will do good! I promise"
3149	1.0	I began taking buspirone 10mg 3 times per day and had it increased to 20mg 3 times per day. Buspirone only made my anxiety worse and gave me panic attacks daily. I am also taking fluoxetine and ziprasidone. Once I stopped taking buspirone the panic attacks stopped. This medicine didn't work for me.
3150	8.0	It's an excellent alternative to benzoids. I didn't notice anything right away. One day, a few weeks later I  noticed my mind wasn't racing itself into destruction anymore! I'm glad there's no benzoid withdrawal.
3151	2.0	My doctor just started me on Buspirone, 7.5mg twice a day! It makes me super drowsy as if I'm drunk. I am always lightheaded, and drowsy without, I am even wondering if I have anxiety....I been on it since friday and today is Monday. So maybe in about 2 weeks I will feel better! I sure hope so!
3152	3.0	Needed something for severe anxiety and this worked really well at first. I was amazed at how well it worked for the first month and then it all went downhill from there which is strange because I have read it takes a month to work in some people. Was taking 2 doses a day and it worked great but it was short lived. Tried 3 doses a day and that only made it worse. Just felt horrible on it after a couple of months. Maybe it will  work for you but it was not for me
3153	1.0	"I started taking buspar about 2 months ago. I started having ""brain zaps"" and I thought it was temporary. It was not. I started getting water retention and I wanted to eat more than usual. I also was extremely irritable constantly. 

I was told to take 5mg twice daily. I started with half a pill then after a week the whole pill 2x daily. 

I since then I decreased my dose to half. Now I'm off completely.  All of the side effects have stopped almost immediately.  No brain zaps, irritability decreased slowly, and water retention stopped. 

This pill didn't do anything except all of the bad. On the positive side - getting off of it does not give you severe withdrawal."
3154	1.0	I have Epilepsy as well as Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I have been taking Klonopin and my Doctor is concerned about addictive behavior, so she put me on Buspar and decreased Klonopin. After the first dose, I had a massive panic attack (which can trigger seizures) so I also had a seizure in which I had to go to the E.R for. It also made my hands and feet sweaty, I was shaky all over, and always anxious. I was very appreciative that my doctor let me get off of Buspirone because it is just awful! I would not recommend it to anyone, especially patients who have epilepsy!
3155	3.0	I'm a 32 year old male and I've been taking buspar for about 10 months. At first it did nothing but make my anxiety worse. I would wake up with to full blown panic attacks and have the worse nightmares ever. However I'm now taking 40mg of citaloptam a day mixed with the buspar 15mg and 1mg of xanax twice a day. And Zanax! I have  insomnia mixed with with deep anxiety issues. The problem that I have is the buspar makes me so fat! I'm literally considering stop taking it and just see of the other meds can help. Buspar Alone is no  substitution for anxiety drug and wouldn't recommend it...
3156	7.0	Good medicine
3157	8.0	I am a very anxious person, socially especially. I take valium 5mg 3x a day (but lately only as needed, I'm tired of going through my script so quick) &amp; yesterday asked my doctor to prescribe Buspar (buspirone) and to let me try it in addition to my valium. He agreed it was safe to take with my other medications (quite a few that I take for chronic pain and anxiety) but this medication, that is the ONLY FDA approved medication for anxiety that is NOT addictive, or so he says, actually has made me smile and made my general social and overall anxiety go away. I just started yesterday, 15mg 3x a day, and even tho I am staying on valium for now, this med may help me wean back to a smaller dose of benzos. Good luck!
3158	2.0	Dumb drug under tested
3159	1.0	This drug is awful. My Dr. took me off my klonopin because she was worried about addictive behavior.   This drug i only took ! time and will not take again. It made me very dizzy, sick to my stomach, my hear was racing. It basically gave me the worst panic attack I've ever had. Odd since this is supposed to be for anxiety. I understand the risk with taking benzos but it the only thing that has ever helped me. I would recomend never taking buspar.
3160	8.0	"I started buspirone last week. Prescribed to take one 7.5mg twice a day. I'm not big on pill taking so with my doctors consent have only taken them when needed. 
The first day was... a unique one. I was extremely lightheaded and dizzy. As if the entire room was spilling but at the same time I had this unbelievable sense of relief from my anxiety. There are no words for the sense of relief and calm that i felt.
With each day I've taken them the dizzy spell has gotten weaker and weaker. I do have a dull headache afterwards but it passes with time and Tylenol. I'm hoping that goes away as well. But if I have to choose between minor dizziness, and a slight headache over the chest pounding, agonizingly severe panic attack... I choose the buspirone"
3161	5.0	My first ever medication I tried for anxiety and with unfavorable results unfortunately. Taking it the first week I felt slightly less anxious and ready to move. After this though, I started to can a terrible dizziness that would keep me locked in my bed for hours until it subsides. I tried using this in different settings, times and with different meals to see if anything was going to work but the dizziness was deafening. Had to come off of it after less than a month of feeling like I was on a horrible plane ride.
3162	10.0	Buspirone has improved my life!  Initial response was unpleasant.  Prescribed 10mg 1/2-1 pill every 6-8 hrs. First dose felt odd, not myself, jittery, detached.  Others positive reviews prompted me to started w/only 1/4 pill before a nap then 1/2 before bed. Being asleep made a difference, woke up refreshed, alert, at ease. Then took 1 pill 3 x day.  Day 5 the constant ringing in my ears from tinnitus was less noticeable and my stress level better.  After a month I feel so much happier!  Positive, alert, more in control. Negatives: vivid dreams.  Symptoms of my autoimmune disorder are improved, it appears Buspirone helps in more ways than is listed and has turned out to be the single most effective med I take. Wish I had it years ago!
3163	9.0	I started on 5mg twice a day for the first month and now am on 10mg twice a day for 2-3 weeks now.  It made me really dizzy after taking it and it still does but I just make sure to take it when I'm sitting down for awhile. I did not really think it was working at all because I was getting anxious constantly still.  However this last week I have had zero anxiety.  In fact I feel so weird not worrying all the time. But I am happy because it's actually working.  I am glad I stuck it out. I recommend staying on it for 6-8 weeks before deciding it does not work. Yes there are some side effects but nothing like SSRIs that I had taken in past.
3164	7.0	Why is everyone on such extremely low doses of Buspar??  I've been taking it for approx  3 years for anxiety at a prescribed dose of 30 mgs every 4 - 6 hours for a total not to exceed 150mgs daily.  The half life of Buspar is only 2-3 hours so it makes absolutely  no sense to me that someone would only be taking one dose per day unless they're only wanting to curb their anxiety symptoms for 4-6 hours per day.... . .
3165	1.0	I started this for my moderate anxiety and the side effects were so terrible I had to stop. Felt like my head wasn't attached to my body, really dizzy and therefore nauseous too. I took it with food and within 15 minutes every time I feel like this. Made me vomit the first time because I was so dizzy.  I'm going back tomorrow and refuse to take it anymore. I couldn't feel any positive effects because I was too busy trying to stand straight
3166	1.0	Not good experience AT ALL. I Have anxiety and depression - usually managable with 20mg paroxetine but exacerbated by stress at work- also diagnosed with C-PTSD. Take diazepam as and when to deal with most severe panic attacks. Psychiatrist assured me I could still take diazepam with this drug. After 1st dose I felt drowsy, spaced out and dizzy with heavy legs. I actually fell down a small flight of stairs in my house and later on in the day slipped on the main staircase. Decided to persevere and take another in the evening. Woke up feeling like a zombie, could hardly stay awake, headache and on edge. Discontinued. That night, woke up TERRIFIED and spent next day (today) either having intense panic attacks or wanting to commit suicide
3167	9.0	"Started taking this medication for GAO. I had never taken any medication regularly before. I got diagnosed with GAO at 31.

Started on a low dose 5mg per day and over the course of a month it got bumped up to 15 mg twice a day.

This drug didn't give me immediate relief. It took six weeks but all of the symptoms of my GAO have disappeared. I am finally reaping the rewards of the full clinical effect, I feel like myself again!

Initially I had side effects like dizzyness, ringing in my ears and nausea but over time they have lessened. I still don't feel too hot for the first hour after I take it but after that hour, I'm golden. I had to be patient and just deal with my GAO, which sucked. 
My take: The juice is worth the squeeze"
3168	5.0	I am always hungry since starting Buspar and getting fat! But it does help with anxiety. Doctor denies it can cause weight gain. How can I stop gaining weight and lose??
3169	8.0	I have severe panic disorder for years now. I've been taken off ativan and put on buspar, 15mg 3 times a day. I feel amazing. no full blown panic attacks in weeks, thats a true miracle for me. my appetite is low, and I'm losing much needed weight. I'm also on neurontin for anxiety, lexapro for anxiety and depression. I have to say, this is the best I've felt in over 10 years. this buspar works for me, amazing drug.
3170	5.0	My GP prescribed this at 10mg up to 3x a day but only as needed. As in when I would start feeling an overwhelming foreshadowing to an anxiety attack. Taken as such, this medication did nothing for me. I only got like a rush of dizziness shortly after taking. So I stopped. A couple of months later I went to visit my psychiatrist on my regular visit and I explained the buspar and dosage I was told. She absolutely disagreed with my GP's dosage and informed me I should take this drug consistently 3x a day and not just as needed since this needs to build in your system to be effective. I can't say if this is AS effective for me yet as I was misinformed on dosage from my 1st doc but it's starting to work better than only taking as needed.
3171	3.0	I tried buspar in addition to 200mg of zoloft. it was meant to enhance the zoloft. Unfortunately , it didn't work for me. I was on it for about 5 months, and during that time i kept having on and off discomfort , like my heart was beating harder,my stomach was always really bloated, my body heat would rise and I'd have a hard time cooling down. The symptoms were so mild I didn't really pay much attention to it, but after a while i got tired of the negative side effects and decided to call it quits. Almost immediately after i stopped taking the medication, all of those negative symptoms went away so I definitely know it was the buspar. if anyone has similar side effects, just stop the medication after two weeks max, its not worth it.
3172	10.0	I finally went up to 30 milligrams a day. It helped tremendously with my anxiety. I went off after I lost my insurance and had no withdrawals like I did with benzodiazepines.
3173	8.0	this medicine has worked very well for me, my anxiety has been reduced greatly, I feel I can get through the day without feeling nervous or anxious all the time. I recommend this medicine to all who struggle with moderate to severe anxiety
3174	8.0	"Like you, I came to this website in a desperate attempt to find any medication thst would help alleviate the mental and physical pain that I was experiencing.

I have tried a couple of different SSRI medications in the past at different times but eventually discontinued them after a couple of months due to their limited effectiveness in reducing my anxiety and the side effects they caused (headache, sense of detachment, inability to gain erection or orgasm, nausea).

Buspirone has been very helpful at reducing my anxiety and improving my quality of life. I am currently in week 5 of my treatment of 22.5mg per day. I take 7.5mg at 8:00, 12:30, and 5:00.  Only side effect that I experience is dizziness 15 minutes after taking."
3175	1.0	Was on this for a month... i went mental!! I was less anxious but the side effect were really....really bad.  I was extremely depressed and aggressive! I was itchy all over but no rashes and had an awful headache that tramadol couldn't even touch!!! Went to wedding and spent most of the time in the bathroom just to avoid people. Personally if a GP suggests this drug to you I would say no, GOD NO! But this only from my own experience. I'm now on Prozac and diazepam because it messed me up so much. Looking forward to some normality in my head!
3176	8.0	"I was just wondering what does everyone started out at, and if and when they knew to increase.
I am currently at 5mg 2x day, I originally started out just taking 5mgs once a day at night, and then just recently increased to 5mgs 2xs a day. I know that is has helped, but i am still waking up anxious, and having some breakthrough anxiety in the day. I was wondering how others increased their does, and how they knew when they were at the right does for them."
3177	10.0	"I can say, Buspar (Buspirone) has helped me.  I am also on 40 mg Citalopram once day and 5 mg Buspar twice daily.  
 I have experienced way less anxiety, able to enjoy life better."
3178	9.0	Buspar (or buspirone hydrochloride) works very well for me.  I have severe social anxiety and i never could talk to people.  It's still weird sometimes talking to people but i don't feel as nervous while I'm talking or when people i don't know start a conversation with me. I was taking xanax before but that wasn't working. Buspar works much better and is much safer in my opinion. I take 60 mgs a day,  15 mgs in the morning,  15mgs in the afternoon and 30mgs in the evening. It's very effective.
3179	1.0	First couple of weeks it seemed to help a lot with my anxiety, I was taking 5mg twice a day. Now it seems every time I take it It I get an overwhelming dizzy feeling, kind of spaced out to where nothing seems fun and literally can't get my mind off of it. Also seems to make my anxiety much worse, started getting real bad panic attacks. Seems to make me depressed and cry a whole lot for no reason. Also nausea and stomach pains constantly. Thank god im going to the doctor tomorrow to get off this and hopefully find something that works.
3180	1.0	I experienced suicidal ideation during the week that I was on this medication. Significantly increased those thoughts as well as my depressive symptoms.
3181	8.0	I suffer from depression, anxiety and panic attacks. I take Remeron for depression and Buspirone 15mg twice daily. I was on Xanax for 6 months but my doctor switched me to this because i will just continually need to be bumped up on the Xanax and it's not that effective in the long run, which is true. .5mgs do nothing for me anymore when they are supposed to suppress a panic attack and I really need them. The Buspirone puts up this big dam to hold back the river of emotions I have. I feel like I have emotions of steel compared to crying all the time. Part of my anxiety is racing thoughts. This helps me FOCUS. I haven't been this productive in 10 years. However this does NOTHING for panic attacks.
3182	10.0	Great medication
3183	1.0	Just a little back story for you I am on low-dose Suboxone for opiate addiction that I had throughout most of my twenties (I'm 30 years old now  ; I also have anxiety) . For the past 6 months my .50 milligrams of Suboxone has helped me be clean and sober without any Cravings whatsoever !!   On day 4 of taking Buspar,  I started drug seeking Behavior . Literally was a wreck.  I was told that this would not have any interactions , that was clearly not the case with me . Please use with caution if you're an addict. It was literally a nightmare =(
3184	9.0	Before starting buspirone I read some awful reviews on it which made me not want to take it. I am now glad that I did start taking it as I've had zero side effects and it is slowly making me feel a little more human.
3185	2.0	"This medication did nothing....absolutely NOTHING for me, if fact, there were days when I actually felt like the world was crashing down on me for absolutely no reason, so I have a suspicion that it made my anxiety actually worse. I had pretty damn severe anxiety to start with, but like I said there were days when I was crying and hyperventilating when there wasnt even anything going on. The only good news is it didnt give me any other side effects...besides the increased anxiety. I didnt get the dizziness or fatigue that I was warned about, I'm so happy it didnt make me nauseous at all, which I was really worried about (one of my phobias is vomiting so...yea).
Make sure you take this med at the same times each day, I made that mistake."
3186	9.0	I have suffered from anxiety &amp; depression (with a side of bipolar disorder) since I was a teenager. I've tried so many different medications over the years! I now feel like my doctors and I have found the right mix for what my body needs. I suffer from severe degenerative arthritis as well as a few other medical concerns that placed me on Tramadol &amp; Flexeril to try to manage my pain. When I asked for an anxiety medication back (they took me off 7 months ago), she prescribed Buspirone 7.5 BID PRN. It's only been 3 days, but let me tell you, I have noticed a SIGNIFICANT difference in my thought processes, my nerves, and my sleep. ALL of them have had positive effects. I've only experienced drowsiness in the mornings.
3187	1.0	"I am on 5mg of buspar 2x a day to start and I hate it! I feel very nervous, jittery, and wired like I drank a bunch of coffee. My ears are ringing... actually it feels like my whole head is buzzing. My throat and skin hurt. I told my doctor this made me feel this way in the past but she didn't care. I feel worse like this than I do when I have constant panic attacks. I am also on 30mg Remeron. I can't sleep for more than 3 hours and I can't eat. I am 5'7"" and under 100lbs. I have tried Tazadone and ended up in the hospital. I can't handle these drugs. I am going through hell right now because of a life stressor and I know the doctors are only trying to help, but these drugs are bad for me!"
3188	8.0	For GAD I take 10mg once a day in the afternoon currently.  I've been on this dose for approx 2 months and the only side effect is bad lightheaded slightly dizzy feeling approx 30 minutes after taking it which lasts for 30min to 1 hour.  I was hoping it would go away after taking it for awhile but the dizziness comes on like clockwork after taking it.  It greatly helps my anxiety in the evening after taking it but my anxiety returns mid morning.  I'm not sure I could take a morning dose because of the side effect of being light headed for awhile.  If I could get past the dizziness this medication causes and get to a 10mg 2x a day I think it would greatly improve my GAD 24x7.
3189	5.0	My body is hyper sensitive to all medicines. I've had horrible experiences with all SSRI's. I take 15mg of buspar. I take all 3 pills at once before sleep. It helps calm my body down. I can say it's slightly helped and helped with my depression. I suffer from severe anxiety attacks that always result in intense dry heaving and diarrhea. (UGH I REALLY HOPE TO BEAT THIS ONE DAY!!) Because of the severity of my anxiety I do take other things to help level me out. I'm on a low dose of xanex (which I regret, I can't get off without crazy withdrawal symptoms.) I also take 50mg of 5htp at night, and recently magnesium every other day which I'm starting to feel a difference with. Hope this helps! Consult a doctor and see what works for you!!
3190	1.0	Dr prescribed for anxiety...Took 1 pill...had brain zings, trouble sleeping palpitations...will never take again..
3191	1.0	"Have had some anxiety for the second time in my life. The first time I did well with Xanax as needed and also Ambien as needed. I got through the rough patch and didn't need anything anymore for almost 2 years now. Right now it's been slowly coming back due to some stress back in my life. So I went and they gave me Ambien, which I do well with and Buspirone. I took it (only 5mg) today at 2pm. 30 mins later I started feeling very off, like my anxiety was getting worse every minute. My heart started racing, I was sweating all the sudden and when I tried to sit down and drink some water, my hands were so shaky that I could barely drink it without spilling. I was TERRIFIED!!! 
Went to the ER and my heart rate 204. Never take this horrific med!!"
3192	6.0	I took busprione for three weeks I quit taking it because the side affects were to much. After I got off it I had non stop headaches for two weeks and still going. I have never had these headaches before in my life until I stop taking this medication.  I was so worried that I got a CT scan just to make sure I was fine. Dr told me everything check out but the headaches are still coming.
3193	7.0	"23 male, been taking buspar for 3 years now for anxiety/ocd with intrusive thoughts. I originally started with 10mg 2x a day. Took about 2-3 weeks to take effect, after that I really noticed a difference in my anxiety and intrusive thoughts. It really helped me get through the day and feel normal. I occasionally still had panic attacks that would eventually pass with drinking a bunch of water and sometimes taking an extra ""helper"" dose. Recently switched to 3x a day still at 10mg since the med doesn't seem to last as long as it used to. Still occasionally take a ""helper"" dose to fall asleep. Side affects were/still are antsy legs, dizziness, drowsiness, and extreme appetite all for only about 30 min. Overall better than anti-depressants."
3194	5.0	I've been on buspar 15 days now. I can't say as if yet if it has helped alot or not. It's not bad but I have noticed certain things I go through that I'm not sure if it's side effects or just my anxiety. Like I feel drowsy about 30 minutes after. I've noticed tingly or itchy sensation in hands, feet, arms (different times). Also more headaches than before I started buspar. LightheadedNess even though I've felt that way before taking it. Upset stomach, or nausea. Sharp sensation in different places. Oh yes and definitely noticed wierd dreams. The reason I rate a five is because I do feel like it brings a calmNess over me and my racing thoughts aren't so bad and after the first week I can see that it keeps me tired more and I do sleep better.
3195	9.0	I have worked in the pharmacy going on 22 years. I hate taking medicine! However Buspar saved my life. I am prescribed Buspar 10: 1 tab twice daily (12 hours apart). I take it for anxiety (Severe chest pain, worry wart). I have experienced these chest pains that started in my late teens. As I got older, the chest pains got worse, to the point it would take my breath away. I played with the dose &amp; after 2 years...I only take 1 tab at bedtime. Once in a blue moon I will take a morning dose if my chest starts to feel heavy. If you have doubts or concerns, please talk to your pharmacist. A dr sees only his patience, a pharmacist sees ALL patients from every walk of life. I have also lost weight because now I sleep through the night. Down 12 lbs
3196	6.0	I am taking SSRI to help me deal w my job, and daily life stressors.  I switched from Zoloft to buspar approximately 3 weeks ago, due to side effects.  I have sleep issues due to being a night shift person, and probably anxiety, so I'm on Ambien as well.  Lately, I'm having worse sleep problems, and having weird dreams.  I've read, Buspar can cause insomnia.  Planning on taking my dose all at once during my waking hours.  Anyone taking it just once a day?  And what's your experience.  Thank you.
3197	6.0	"My experience with buspirone is that it gave me horrible headaches, but on the occasions I don't get a headache, I REALLY like the way bispirone makes me feel- chill. I was on Zoloft &amp; lexapro and all those did for me was make me nauseated. W/ buspirone, iwould break the tablet into .5 &amp; sometimes go up to 15, Even with food and water intake. 
Anyone else whose had this experience w/ buspirone, please share your story whether it's similar or different- would love the feedback. 
&amp; anyone with the same head ache side affects, how do you go with treating that?
Also, If you've had success with taking buspirone &amp; Xanax together or within the same day, please advise

Xo"
3198	9.0	Buspar has been a godsend for me. First, was on 10mgs twice a day. Now I'm on 15mgs twice a day. No side effects and I've had no need for benzos since. On one year now.
3199	1.0	It didn't help at all with the panic attacks and actually made my anxiety worse. The first few weeks it would just put me to sleep. After four weeks I became very depressed and had suicidal thoughts constantly throughout the day. It gave me horrible headaches, it made me really dizzy all the time and I felt lightheaded and nauseous often. After four weeks I could not sleep at all and my anxiety increased along with the panic attacks. I don't recommend this medicine for anyone who has suffered PTSD or who has had high anxiety levels for a long time. It just makes things worse. After five weeks I stopped taking this medication I could no longer handle the side effects.
3200	4.0	I have never written a drug review but am now in hope of helping those who feel as apprehensive as I do about meds. I suffer from anxiety and was prescribed Buspar and out of fear didn't try it for 4 mos. By request I was given the lowest dose, 5 mg BID. One day I got up the nerve to try it after speaking with 2 pharmacist getting the ok to safely break it down. I broke it into eights, which was around 62mg, not enough to do anything but they were sympathetic to my reluctance, I went up an 8th every couple of days. I am now on 7.5 BID. I had no side effects minus slight tiredness, I attribute the easy transition to slowly going on it. I have been on it 3 weeks now, I can't tell a huge difference so I am hoping more time is what in needed.
3201	1.0	I was prescribed Buspar for anxiety. If I knew that Buspar had the side effects that I got, I would never drink it. I drank it for 4 days only and it almost got me killed. I started having panic attacks, I could hardly breath, I had electric shocks, brain zaps,  horrible medicine. I quit right away. Little I knew that quitting even after 4 days would cause side effects. I could not sleep for 2 weeks afterwards, I thought I was dying. Horrible medicine. I will never drink any anti-depressants or anti-anxiety medicin that is not natural!!!!
3202	2.0	I started 10mg today and I feel so loopy, my mouth is very dry, and kind of anxious and my head is hurting after 1 dose.  I don't know if I will take a 2nd dose.  I was prescribed 10mg 2x day.
3203	8.0	I've been on this for two weeks. I went to my doctor because I was experiencing anxiety and worry way to often, for too long. I tried to manage it on my own, but the feelings persisted. I made an appointment for a psych, but the wait was three months. I assumed I had to go to a psych for medication management but a friend told me my doctor could prescribe something.  My doctor gave me a script for 7.5 mg twice a day. Soon after, the constant knot in my stomach and consistent worry subsided. I see that people say it takes a while for this to work, but I feel like I had pretty quick results. I have had no side effects on this med thus far.
3204	10.0	I was recently prescribed Cymbalta for depression.  It helped but I felt very jittery and anxious on it. My doctor added Buspar and now I feel very much calmer and in control. I take 30 mgs twice a day.
3205	1.0	I just started taking buspirone today and I hate it, my heart feels like it's going to explode my leg won't stop shaking I feel even more antsy my stomach feels bloated my mouth would open a little bit I believe it even affects my mood because I ended up having 0 tolerance for anything. I would not recommend this medicine to anyone and I just started it today. It's 10mg twice a day I will not continue taking this no matter what the doctor says.
3206	10.0	Anxiety was eating me alive! Finally I went to my Dr to ask for help. I started with 7.5 mg twice a day and she worked me up to 15mg twice a day. I feel so much better! I'm sleeping like a log now because anxiety is not keeping me awake or waking me up. I do feel hot and a little shaky about 20 minutes after I take it but it don't last very long, maybe 30 minutes. I'm also losing some much needed weight. Probably because I'm not eating at night since I'm actually sleeping through the night for the first time in my life! This stuff changed my life for the better!
3207	8.0	I have been taking buspar for 4 months now and it has helped pretty well for my anxiety. I take 3 10mg a day. I mostly like it because it helps with the extra anxiety and slight depression i get from the come down off of my adderall i take for adhd every day too. The only side effects I've had from the buspar has been nausea but as long as i eat a little bit of food whenever i take them it subsides that pretty well so i would recommend it to anyone with the same situation.
3208	4.0	my experience was very positive
3209	10.0	I have taken buspar for 5 months. Prescribed max dose of 15mg 4x/day. It took a couple weeks to actually notice the difference. I don't feel like a zombie after taking it. I really just came to the realization one day while driving to work, an activity that used to leave me recovering from an anxiety attack, was suddenly a very simple task. My social anxiety, much improved. It's very subtle, but after sticking with it, I can look back and I see that it changed my life. It does make me sleepy, in a walking around functioning while yawning kind of way and I get a lot of headaches. The good definitely outweighs The bad. I can take a lower dosage on easy days and still have a positive outcome. also take 150mg of Zoloft and 25 mg Wellbutrin
3210	1.0	"I have been on this drug for about 9 days now. I started off with a pill twice a day for a week and now I'm taking it 3 times a day. Honestly my anxiety is still here full force. I depend on my girlfriend to go with me everywhere but now I have to get used to her being gone so now I've been getting more anxiety trying to go out and do stuff on my own. I just want to be happy and be able to go run my errands. Buspirone didn't even touch my anxiety. I became very angry and irritable and it's starting fights between me and my girlfriend. She had to leave me by myself today because my anger was stressing her out. I've developed an ""I don't care"" attitude and it has freaked me out. I'm done taking this drug. Everyone is different but be cautious."
3211	10.0	"I had a lot of stomach issues - IBS-D.  I suspected it might be due to anxiety.

Buspirone has made a huge difference.  I can live a normal life without being in fear of the stomach issues coming up at the most inconvenient times.  I feel comfortable eating out and going to people's houses.  I used to take four immodium a day to control the stomach issues.  Now, I rarely take it.  Buspirone also had a very gradual effect...things kept getting better. I had to recently reduce the dose a bit as I'd get dizzy after taking it but it still works.

Doctors had insisted that I try antidepressants first.  The side effects (several brands and low doses) were awful and the medications didn't help."
3212	7.0	"Ive been on Buspar for about 6 months or so for anxiety. I first started off taking 5 mg 2 times a day. Then went to 10 mg 2 times a day.
Lately I have a I do not care attitude! This is not me. 
I see my doctor tomorrow. I think I would rather be on the lower dose and still have some anxiety and care....rather than the I do not care attitude"
3213	1.0	This is scary. Doctor put me on this 3 weeks ago. Made my depression horrible. Im extremly mean to my 2 year old.  I have passed out twice  one of which i crashed my car in a field! I have dry mouth, dizzyness, shaking, my body will jerk. I have a rash on my neck, constipation, insomnia. Im exhausted but just cant sleep. And that's  all i want is to sleep!!! And ive probably eaten a handful of pretzles  in the last week. I feel so sick all the time :( and im on a low dose!
3214	3.0	"I personally don't think it works that great however, I also take prozac and the buspar was prescribed to ""boost"" the prozac. Sorry to say but  personally, I didn't notice a difference, I wish they would have just boosted up my Prozac instead. Also, I take 3 7.5 mgs a day of boat and 60 mg of prozac"
3215	8.0	"I take 10mg twice a day, with food. Pamphlet says to take either with or without food, but be consistent. Only frequent side effect is tiredness, but I was always tired anyway. Infrequently I will get dizzy and nauseated for about 40 minutes after taking depending on how much caffeine I have had or how long after a meal I wait to take it. 
I noticed results after the first few doses, though I was warned that it may take longer. My mood has noticeably improved as well as my ability to handle day-to-day tasks like talking on the phone. I still have situational based anxiety, but that is more manageable than general anxiety.
I have noticed that if I am a few hours late for a dose I get irritable for the next few doses."
3216	8.0	"I like that it calms me down but I'm sleepy all day. I don't like feeling sleepy, I have things to do. It does help me get a great nights sleep. I sleep like a rock but wake up still feeling drowsy. 
So anyway- may not take it anymore unless its at night from time to time since it works rather quickly with for me. 

Yawwnnnn!!! 

AC"
3217	8.0	its helpful but doesn't cover the day
3218	9.0	"It has done great for me. I used to ""bite my kids' heads off"" in the mornings and startle a lot easier, for examples. I can also take it in small doses at a time to keep from sleeping all day from the side effects."
3219	1.0	"was on 20 mg Cipralex  then doctor added q
150 Buspar within 2 weeks my anxiety and depression got a lot worse, trouble sleeping and uncontrolled shaking Not for me"
3220	1.0	Started a 90 day prescription right after I had my daughter and it was horrible. Gave me anxiety and terrible panic attacks. I had to hop in a cold shower once. I felt as if I was gonna have a heart attack or my chest explode. Just got prescribed wellbutrin hoping to have better luck.
3221	8.0	My anxiety was extremely bad and I had tried lexapro but the side effects for me were horrible; so my doctor started new on BuSpar. I've been on it now going on two weeks and I can say I do feel a slight difference. My anxiety is still there but not as bad... I'm still having attacks off and on but I'm going to stick with this and give it some more time. The only side effect I have is the dizziness but I've learned if I eat even just a piece of toast that it helps with that. Other than that no side effects. I say if your suffering give this a try and stick with it.
3222	8.0	I had depression for years and in that last 8 months that turned into anxiety that gave severe shoulder and abdominal pain , sweaty palms and pounding heart , ruined my career and my social life and affected my decision making . Finally after trying to fight it with out using medication I had to go see a doctor because I couldn't take it anymore , doctor gave me buspirone and recomanded 3x 5mg a day . I started with 1 5mg every 24 hours and I can tell a difference , I am calm and I sleep better . The physical pain is almost gone which I assume was happening due to surge of my stress hormones which are now under control . It has been 3 days of peace and quite and hope it stays this way .
3223	8.0	"One week on, started full dose yesterday. 30m. 
No side effects, and no haziness.
I get slightly dizzy but doesn't interfere with walking. 
I have tried 3 others before this, And each time I had flu symptoms, couldn't leave the bathroom, couldn't work or take care of my children.
This medicine has been nothing but great for me, I haven't had a headache or the tremors for a few days which is already life changing! I can focus, and I have slowly realized that my mind is quieting down:) if nothing has worked for you, please give this a try! No addiction to it they say.. 
I'm excited that I feel this great:) I can't wait to see what next week and the week after is. I'm looking forward to tomorrow, which is a foreign feeling. 
Good luck:)"
3224	3.0	Ive been on 15 mg 2x daily for one week now. After taking Xanax for years, I tried to stop and ended up having a seizure and hospitalized for a few days. The doctors there prescribed me the buspirone, and I have not experienced any anxiety so far. I am now sleeping through the night which was a huge concern for me since I was going days with little to zero sleep. Only problem now is I could sleep all day! And I constantly have a dull headache. I try to ignore it and carry on, but its there all the time. I dont want to go back to benzos but they seem to have the best results.. I'll check back in a month with an update.
3225	10.0	Tried all the benzodiazepines with no luck. Then they tried Buspar and it changed my life.
3226	3.0	I am on Buspar and 5 milligrams once a day I feel that if I take it all at once and it does not work I am so lost because I can't stand this dizziness nausea in my stomach my feet feel like they're falling out from underneath me I really am lost the doctor wants me to stay on it but I do not want to up it because I feel like I keep going through these side effects over and over again every day due to the fact of it being Half-Life what do I do from here
3227	10.0	I recently started to use this drug, as I was diagnosed with a chronic illness and realized much of my pain was coming from anxiety. I have only been on it for a week, but I love it! I felt the effects the first day I took it. My doctor also told me that it is one of the safest out there and that he rarely even recommends benzos anymore due to this drug. I did get a little dizzy at first, so I stared taking halves. Anxiety was beginning to take over my life, I was anxious about anxiety. I can say that this stuff actually works!!!!
3228	9.0	"I've recently been stricken with anxiety, starting in January, after some hard events. I went from an excitable, coffee loving, caffeine addict, to a nervous wreck. I can't have more than 20mg of caffeine without having a severe panic attack...it's nuts..I'm a freaking barista.
With Buspirone, I'm heart palpitation, and chest pain free. When it first kicked in, I immediately felt physically lighter. It was amazing! And I realized, that's exactly when the medicine kicked in for the first time. Gonna stick with it to see if I can eventually have caffeine again and be way less nervous over all!"
3229	9.0	I'm not one to turn to medication for help, but when I got to the point where anxiety was eating me from the inside out I knew I could use help. I am taking Vyvanse 20 for my A.D.D and was prescribed 5mg of Buspar twice a day. I'm very sensitive to medication so I wanted to start off low and I've read many people feel like it's a sugar pill because they feel nothing. I can tell you that this is not like Xanax. Usually around 6pm I start feeling anxious on everything that is to come. Cooking, college homework, my children, appointments and even taking showers gave me anxiety because I knew it needed to be done and I felt I didn't have enough time. It's an awful nauseating feeling for those of you who suffer from it. I felt 100% better...
3230	7.0	"Buspirone acts on a very specific neuronal receptor which is why people experience such a diverse set of reactions.  Do not be afraid to work with the dosage.  I take 2mg twice a day.  that's it.  that's all I need.  if it helps your anxiety but gives bad side effects just lower the dose!

I think for those of us that buspar helps, it does make us lose our sparkle.  we aren't anxious as much but get a little ""i don't care zombie"" going on

now I am trying to find a supplement or Rx that can add that bit of sparkle buspar takes away.  I am allergic to SSRI, SSNRI, DNRI, and many others.

but overall buspar is worth a try.  anything from 1 mg to 50 mg might be your magic bullet.  don't be afraid to try.  just start low."
3231	8.0	I have had anxiety all my life, my mom will tell you since I was 4 years old lol. I went on prescription meds when I was 18. Started with Lexapro, it stopped working. Switched to Prozac, that stopped working. Switched to another SSRI, so on and so forth for years. I have always disliked meds like Xanax, due to how my body tolerated the drug. So I declined taking anything in that drug class or even close to it. I am not a depressed person, I have been diagnosed with GAD for the past 15 years. I have to say, I feel such a change after 3 weeks on no meds to clear my system and now being on Buspar 10mg BID for the past week. My head feels clear, sex drive is back and off the charts, my memory is back. I will keep updating but so far I'm happy!
3232	10.0	Diagnosed with GAD a few years ago after a series of life changing events. Originally prescribed Cymbalta (Duloxetine) and Xanax (as needed) but I did not like the side effects of those drugs. After a painful withdrawal from Duloxotine, my physician placed me on Buspar 5mg 3x daily, later it was increased to 10mg 3x daily. Doctor claimed there was no addictive nature to the drug and discontinuing use would have no side effects either. What a difference!. Very little, if any, anxiety. Better mood, sleep and none of the negative side effects I had previously. Highly recommend.
3233	7.0	I initially was prescribed this a few months ago at 10 mg 3xd, but it made me headachy and almost made my anxiety worse, so I quit taking it. I cannot take benzos, and recently am having more problems with anxiety, so I'm trying it at 5 mg 3xd. Now I see what others have been talking positively about. It's very subtle, but apparently I was just taking too much for my system before. So far, so good.
3234	10.0	"I have suffered from anxiety/panic disorders for about 2 1/2 years. I was starting to feel hopeless. I would avoid places unknown and stay home a lot. I got put on buspar finally and I feel like a different person...I'm happy again and feel NORMAL. I am unbelieveably happy and can't imagine life without it.
Thanks buspar!"
3235	7.0	I was taking ativan from a friend for my slight anxiety issue. It was 1mg I stopped it for two weeks started getting weird feelings in my head. Then had panic attack for the first time. Turns out I'm addicted to the ativan. My doctor gave me .5 ativan didn't stop the attacks and couldn't function right. I had to take a full 1 mg to function. When ever I don't take it I get a panic attack. Well my PcP gave me buspar and been doing better. I been on it two days he wants me to take 15 mg four times a day but that's too much I take 7.5 and feel normal. Taking a full 15 mg is a no no. But at the right dosage it works. Hopefully soon to kick the ativan out. Of missed worked because of this ativan problem. I don't suggest taking any benzodiazepines.
3236	9.0	I began taking buspar about six weeks ago. I am not a fan of benzos because they are addictive, I prefer to function with a clear head rather than popping a pill that sedates me so badly that maybe I'm not feeling my anxiety, but I'm also not living my life or doing much else either. Buspar has changed my life, I had completely forgotten what it was like to have a quiet mind until now. My obsessive thoughts subsided, I can leave my house without fear, I can speak to my friends and to strangers without profusely sweating and trembling, and I can drive again now that I'm not so easily stimulated. It takes a few weeks to feel the full effect, so hang in there if you just began.
3237	7.0	I take this for anxiety, it seems like it calms. Hard to tell. I had to switch the dosage. In the beginning taking 10mg was too much and it gave me a headache, so Doc said to break it in half and take it twice a day. The problem with that is, it's hard to tell now if it's working and I sometimes forget to take the other half. When I would take the whole 10mg I could tell the difference within a few minutes. Maybe I will try to take a 10mg again to see if I still get the headache since it's been over a month now. *sighs*  finding the right medication is not easy!
3238	1.0	"Took for 3 weeks: 15 mg/day. I have GAD -and get nervous randomly, sometimes to the level of panic. This drug made me nauseous and have brain zaps. The zaps went away after a few days, but I still got nauseous for a while after taking it. Since my anxiety didn't improve, combined with the nausea not going away, I was taken off it. I'd say give it a try if your doc recommends it - I see lots of positive reviews and it's not addictive. 

I now take 10mg Lexapro and 5 mg Valium (as needed). Anxiety is less potent than before."
3239	7.0	Helps so much.
3240	1.0	Tried this drug for 5 weeks and had no positive change and ended up having worse than normal anxiety when going from 5mg x3 daily to 10mg x 3 daily.
3241	10.0	I was suffering from such bad anxiety that I felt desperate. I wanted it gone so I waited the six weeks it took to get into a psychiatrist. She prescribed me Buspar and within the first day the meds started to kick in. I took the first dose and then the second as she prescribed me 5mg twice a day to start. I could feel the chemicals in my brain changing and suppressing the anxiety and it was a relief! Let me warn you though, anyone with true anxiety also suffers from depression too so once the anxiety is taken care of with Buspar the depression comes on so much stronger! I'm on Zoloft and Buspar. Used to just be on Paxil until it stopped working.
3242	10.0	I've suffered anxiety since I was a teenager. Found out my mum had cancer in fall, anxiety went from mild to severe. It got to the point where I couldn't go a day without some sort of attack. I was miserable, enough for my husband to notice and demand I go to the doctor. Didn't want to be put on anything addictive, was prescribed Buspar. 10 mg.  I take as needed, sometimes only 5 mg. It works miracles for me. My only complaint is that sometimes, I'll get these brain shocks, or moments of vertigo. I don't drive while on it. But other than that, I'm glad that I can be there for my mum without having a breakdown.
3243	2.0	I really wanted this to work! Buspar (5mg twice daily) was added to my Wellbutrin to help with anxiety. Immediately noticed mild insomnia, incredibly vivid and intense dreams when I could sleep. Daily diarrhea, bloating, and bouts of vertigo. I made it 4 weeks without improvement in side effects and was forced to discontinue.
3244	1.0	Buspirone caused me to have horrible nightmares, could not take it.
3245	7.0	I suffer from anxiety,depression and PTSD.  This medicine has proven to be a great alternative over a benzo.  Being non habit forming is the best par .  I do get headaches and fatigue but it is better then the side effects associated with benzo.  I recommend this to anyone looking for a non addictive alternative to zanex
3246	9.0	"I'm returning to Buspar after seven years off. Started having chronic anxiety attacks again after my wife's hysterectomy. Wish I could remember my old dosage. I tend to be drug sensitive and the 30 mg. dosage made me fuzzy. The PA that did this script was a little overzealous.

Doing well on just the 15 mg. even if it is a self-adjusted dosage. After a few weeks I can have a talk with our MD and he'll probably leave it at 15 or 20."
3247	5.0	"It's ok.  Take 5mg twice a day and although it helped with my anxiety and depression, it's given me bad side effects like nausea and diarrhea. 
I've had diarrhea for a week now and I've been going about 3-4 times every day.  
I don't know if I'll stay on it but I certainly can't live in the bathroom either. I'm out of options for anxiety medication. 
These side effects are awful especially if you have a very active job like I do &amp; work in a factory. It's not fun."
3248	2.0	My Dr. Prescribed due to it low dosage. And that I didn't want to take meds. I became so helpless after years of trying to cope with anxiety on my own, I finally reached a point where medicine was my only hope.  It kicked in quickly, my obssesive thoughts stopped, then dosage would wear off so I started taking a higher dosage, then it made me become upset, super emo crying, not myself and finally realized it was  buspar. Cut back dosage again. It made me tired all the time, couldn't concentrate, weird dreams, and loss of interest in things. Was not a good fit, I finally had to ask Dr for something else after a year it didn't work all together except for stopping obssesive thoughts. It also gave me brain zaps, memory loss, and space cadet syndr
3249	2.0	I've been on Busiprone (10 mg twice a day) for about 2 weeks now and I have seen no improvement. My sleep is jacked up from it from either interupted sleep or vivid dreams. I dont think I'm going to continue to use it. Xanax seemed to be the only thing that has helped me so far..
3250	1.0	"I had great experiences with klopin and Xanax managing my symptoms, but my doctor decided that he needed to reduce down on these scripts so he put me on Buspar and it's completely useless. So sad and extremely frustrating that doctors always seem to take you off of what works because it can be addictive. Well maybe that's because it actually works and isn't that the point of taking a medication for an ailment? I worry if I change doctors I'll appear to be a ""pill seeker"" or some bad news person. Really sad that because some abuse it, those who need it must suffer to. Sorry for the vent, but my point is that sadly Buspar 3 times a day and 20mg each dose does nothing for me."
3251	1.0	I've taken klonopin and/or Xanax for several years for anxiety and extreme panic attacks. I'm a single female who was homeless due to the economy. I slept in my car. I was dragged out of my car, beaten and sexually assaulted by police on several occasions. I took antidepressant meds for years and a dr added Xanax after I got back on my feet, fighting suicide for two years. These medications were a godsend to me because they work quickly. I no longer wanted to kill myself. A new Dr however has told me I need to stop benzos and prescribe buspar instead. After 6 weeks I once again feel suicidal I wake up very very groggy it takes hours to be fully conscious. My muscles &amp; bones ache from the moment I wake up. It makes me feel worse than ever.
3252	10.0	I started taking Buspar 5mg twice a day due to anxiety of my Mom being in the hospital. Let me tell you how it affects me...positively. I take it along with Prozac 20mg once a day and the combination works WONDERS for me. I take both in the morning and the Buspar in the afternoon around 4pm. What a difference!!
3253	10.0	Diagnosed with general anxiety disorder.  Would have obsessive thoughts non stop, losing sleep sometimes.  Started taking buspar 5mg twice a day.  Hands felt tingling and head a little cloudy but no other real side affect.  Increased up to 10mg.  Immediately saw improvement, no more obsessive thoughts that would normally slow me at my work.  Been on it for almost a year now and have no side affects.
3254	10.0	"I have had anxiety for 10 years and had given up all hope for a normal life.  Last year i was prescribed Buspar 15mg a day and it did nothing for me.  On one of my many visits to the mental hospital I was told to try bumping it up to 40mg.  A week later I had my first anxiety free day.  It's now been 7 months and I haven't had a single anxiety day.  I have finally started to love again, I feel normal.  My doctor said that because it's not addictive and doesn't lose its effects over time like Benzos I can continue to take it indefinitely so I will.  If you're on it and it's not working perhaps you may need more

For me it's finally given me my life back"
3255	3.0	Well this medication improved my mood related to possible social anxiety but on the 3 day of taking I had some psychosis related side effects in aggravation then started to get very hyper but depressed bad experience
3256	5.0	"I connect so much with ""Frustrated Fenway Fan""'s post..I have almost disabling anxiety. I started having panic attacks at eleven years old.....I am now 33. The entire time I was treated with Xanax which I NEVER once abused...my former doctor abruptly stopped prescribing it to me because he caught wind that I had spent a year and a half fighting an opiate addiction, Suboxone saved my life...but although that is all in the past and I don't even take that medication anymore....it is on my medical history! Now.NO ONE will prescribe me any sort of benzodiazepine. I have just been prescribed Buspar. I pray it works. I just want my life back."
3257	10.0	"BEST medication I've ever taken for anxiety. I was skeptical to take it because of some negative reviews, but I figured, what the heck, what have I got to lose?? 
 I plan on staying on buspar for a long long time. It's allowed me to be more outgoing and get involved more in social situations. Have a positive attitude, try it, and I think you'll love it too!"
3258	8.0	"I have been taking buspirone for about 5 weeks now. I feel so different. I finally feel happy and like anxiety isn't controlling me anymore. I take one 7.5mg tablet 3x a day for a total of 22.5mg per day. I had to start with half a tablet twice a day and titrate up to where I am now, because at first they felt like they made my adrenaline and heart race, even though they are supposed to do the opposite of that. I don't feel any side effects, except I do sweat a little more than I used to (which was a lot in the first place), and I feel less ""sharp"" mentally. But neither of these are to the point they really bother me, and they definitely don't outweigh the benefits I am receiving from the medication. I recommend this medicine highly."
3259	9.0	I've been on this going on four months and I am a big fan. It has greatly reduced my anxiety, at only 10mgs a day. I rarely have to take an ativan. I've always been anxious, but things got much worse when I tried different stimulants for my ADHD. Even with a low dose of lexapro, I started to have dramatic panic attacks. It was awful. I went off both with the help of Ativan, but I didn't want to become dependent on the benzo, so I took them as infrequently as possible (1/2 or 1 per day). I was still really suffering, and asked my doc about buspar. I am so relieved that something works, and that it isn't something I'm afraid of.
3260	10.0	I have tried many other anxiety medications. This took about 4 weeks to work but is great. I'm 34 years old and have had anxiety since I was a teenager. This is the best I have felt in my adult life. Also taking Prozac once daily. Great combination.
3261	1.0	So, Buspar does nothing for me at all. I may as well have been taking a sugar pill all this time. My doctor felt that since I was only 30 years old, the Benzo that I had been on for the last 4 years that greatly helped me, was out of the question because SOME folks abuse it. REALLY?! If your anxiety is intense and life ruling like mine is, please look into a Benzo. Hopefully you'll have a doctor that is actually out to HELP you.
3262	2.0	Buspar 5 mg twice daily for possible anxiety induced difficulty failing asleep. First week good, second week less helpful for sleep, then onset of extreme hip, bilateral leg weakness with feeling of extreme leg muscle fatigue, start mid afternoon, worse by bedtime every night, required pain med to allow sleep. Discontinued.
3263	10.0	I'm very happy to say that at 41 I am free of Anxiety and Panic. I was started on 5mg , experienced side effects major dizzy like vertigo, but these are listed as side effects so I hung in there. Glad I did, only a week later no symptoms, no anxiety no panic attacks. Had some break through anxiety with stress from home accompanied by terrorism being covered by news ,doctor bumped me up to 10mg. This time no side effects , worked great. Right now I'm experiencing dizziness again months later, my feeling is I need to go back down to 5mg because it's now to much for my body. I do not take other medications, I feel this is important for it to work effectively. Seeing a lot of mixing prescription or supplements and  buspirone having bad reviews
3264	2.0	I started taking this at 10mg a week ago, my doctor told me to take it twice a day but usually  l  take it once a day when I'm at home. This is because after taking it I feel extremely dizzy, sick, sleepy &amp; out of it, so I can't take it at work or school (even though those are the two places I need it the most). I hate it and I'm not sure what to do. It does help my anxiety but I would rather be anxious than to feel sick, dizzy and sleepy and in my own world.
3265	1.0	I have battled OCD and anxiety through my  late teenage years and was prescribed sertraline. More recently my Mum has passed away and I started having panic attacks in the evenings, my Dr prescribed Buspirone (10mg) to me, to take twice daily. The side effects have been horrible, I started getting extreme outbursts of anger. The littlest and most random things would make me furious and even having a conversation with my father (who I normally get along with like a house on fire) would make me end up screaming and crying. I was terrified to go to work the other day as I was worried I wouldn't be able to control my outbursts. It also made me have terrible nightmares. I am now off it and feeling like myself again :)
3266	8.0	Been on buspar from last 1 week...started with 5mg in the evening for few days and now 5 mg in the morning and 5 mg in the evening.  There were initial side effects such as dizziness and headaches dry mouth....but they are going down everyday.  I would say this medication is helping me already..feeling less anxious.  Even now sitting and watching game with 50 people in a bar :).  That has never happened before.  I am feeling more productive but I have to give few weeks before calling it a success.....will update in 2..3 weeks...
3267	2.0	My doctor first started me on buspar over two years ago, probably at 16. Slowly throughout the years we've had to increase it until about a year ago, when I reached the maximum 60mg and I had to finally ask my doctor for something else. But I mean that's what you get with medication, it's all pretty much trial and error
3268	5.0	I've had severe anxiety and depression for many years and have tried many meds. For me, BuSpar wasn't very effective, even at the maximum dose of 60mg/day. It also caused me very restless legs at night, which was extremely troublesome. I couldn't lie still for even ten seconds. I also got brain zaps. My doctor thinks I should remain on BuSpar, so these days I take only 10mg/day as a backup to my other meds. I don't have the side effects at the lower dose.
3269	10.0	I have nothing, but good things to say about Buspirone. It helps me a lot with my anxiety &amp; it helps with my overall mood (drastically). I don't have any side effects. I think it is a great medicine.
3270	7.0	I started this medication on a low, as needed, 5mg dose back in August after I started a new job with a high level of stress. Taking it twice a day as needed worked for awhile with no major side effects. Working this stressful job full time, classes, and being a newly wed young adult was taking it's toll and I finally had a nervous breakdown at work, uncontrollable sobbing, hyperventilating, the works. I went to the doctor and we've upped it from 5mg BID PRN to 15mg twice daily. I'm currently taking 7.5mg twice daily to get used to the increased dose. The only side effects I'm dealing with is nausea, but it goes away eventually.
3271	10.0	Words cannot even describe how this medicine has helped me. For the first time ever I have hope for the future. This drug is a life saving miracle. Ive been taking it for over a year now and only bad side effect I get is I will get blinding headaches if I don't drink enough water but it is soooooo worth it.
3272	1.0	I would give this a 0 if I could...I write this while I'm laying in a hospital bed in the ED.  I've been on this for 3 days...the lowest dose 5mg which I then cut in half...after an hour of taking this my arms felt numb, extremely dizzy &amp; feeling completely out of it...heart started palpitating, couldn't catch my breath...my BP upon entering ED was 190/100 &amp; heart rate was 140...the scariest feeling ever...the only other Rx I take is levothyroxine for low thyroid...sadly I should be on something for my anxiety, but now I'm scared to death to take anything...so I guess I'll just suffer through it :-(
3273	10.0	Takes 6-8 weeks to work but it works better than anything I've tried. I've had anxiety for years and have tried a long list of meds.
3274	9.0	THIS IS A GREAT MEDICATION! I started off on 5 mg which didn't do much at all, so then I was bumped up to 10 mg and also put on 25 mg of zoloft. I take Buspirone 3 times a day whenever I feel anxious and it works so well for me. The only side effect that I have experienced with this are slight brain zaps, however they went away for me in 3-4 days! I recommend this highly.
3275	1.0	I started with a new Doctor (addiction treatment specialist) I am getting ready to detox of Kolonapin,  So the new Doc put me on Buspirone  Ugggg  I was on for about a week. I started getting very hot and Short tempered and extremely tired Very heavy head So I called my Doc He said to stop taking it.  I was on 15Mg 2 times a day. Well I have been off for about 3 or 4 days the first day wasn't bad the second day dizzy queasy and extremely tired.  Wow If I'm feeling this bad, still hot very tired my head is very heavy. Yet My Doc also said there would be no withdrawal.  Best of luck to all of you.  My heart goes out to you
3276	5.0	Diagnosed with having anxiety, depression, and PTSD (raped year prior and recently lost my husband while 6m pregnant). I take 10mg 2x daily. The problems I have been facing have eased up significantly. At first I had no side effects so it was a win-win. Now after taking it for 3 months I have many side effects and I am going to stop taking it. The side effects I have been experiencing are headache, weak feeling, intense sugar cravings, hair loss, slow response, extreme anger, weight gain. I was losing weight after my pregnancy, exercising, felt very healthy. Now on buspar I have gained weight in odd places like my face. I find myself wanting to binge eat which I hardly even did while pregnant. Slowness and extreme anger were deal breakers.
3277	1.0	I was on this back in the 80's while hospitalized for depression. It was a  horrible drug it made my mouth dry and talking difficult. Also, it must have made me say things I don't recall saying because during one appointment with the psychiatrist in the hospital, he wrote a comments he thought I said which I hadn't (I later saw the reports)!
3278	10.0	Wait 6 weeks but it helps before then too. I have been on it at 25 mg a day for a year.  Just recently I have been in a traumatic situation and I ramped up the dosage to 40/50 mg to help. It has been a huge help and I only have taken 2 Ativan during this three week ordeal. I think Buspar for me makes me tired when I am not anxious and is a huge help when I am. It seems to cut the adrenaline levels and that is what works for me without the sexual side effects that SSRIs have.
3279	1.0	After extreme weight gain on SSRIs, I thought buspar would be my miracle drug. I was totally wrong. After day two I had such bad twitches/tremors and my jaw seemed to locked for short periods of time. Went to emergency due to the side effects causing panic attacks.
3280	10.0	I've been on this medication for 8 months now &amp; really like it.  I take a combination of Buspirone &amp; Mirtazapine which keeps me level with no anxiety.  My racing thoughts are gone.  I was waking up all night every hour with racing thoughts.  Now I'm able to sleep &amp; have a calm mind both while waking &amp; sleeping.  One thing I do notice is that it gives me the munchies for sweets.  I'm working to curb that with healthy snacks instead.  Sometimes it does make me slightly light headed, but to me that's a relaxing feeling that helps me stay calm.  I'm able to stay focused and am doing better on my job &amp; in my personal life than ever before.  I really love this medication &amp; give it a thumbs up for anxiety!
3281	2.0	"I started taking Busbar earlier this year.
I'm unable to work due to severe depression, severe anxiety, and PTSD.  Initially, it eased my muscles and eased my anxiety better than xanax.

Since I have been on it, my face is fat and I've gained weight in places where I have never had a problem.  My formerly long thick hair is thin.  My skin became thin and dry.  At one point, I had patches of hair missing; through prayer, it's coming back.

Today I was so disgusted with the changes and prayed for a reason as to why these things were happening.It came to me to look up the side effects of busbar and BAM, they were all there.  

Warning this stuff can cause alopecia.  I'm going to stop taking it."
3282	10.0	I just recently went to the doctor because I couldn't deal with my stress and anxiety. I have a son with ADHD and Aspergers he's extremely hyper. I love that kid to death but I would compare him to Dennis the Menace. After 8 years I think it just got to be a little too much for me everyday of constant stressed anxiety. So I started taking this medicine 5 milligrams 3 times a day. I'm trying to take it once in the morning and once in the afternoon. I have had no side effects and I feel wonderful! I feel like I have more patience to help my son and it has made me feel like a better mom to. I would definitely recommend trying this pill!
3283	9.0	"I just started taking buspirone again so I can wean off of Ativan.
( lorazepam).
I always had headaches and migraines but when I take buspirone it helps to combat my headache. 
My anxiety is decreased , but I'm in a cranky mood but that could be due to withdrawals from lorazepam.
I totally agree with the fact that a negative review of this product could keep people that desperately need it to not even try it.
Like the medic said, no one knows why a medicine especially in this class, works like a wonder drug for some and not for others.
I've tried many and I hope this is my last one.
I also take Effexor everyday along with some other non controlled meds for pain and arthritis."
3284	10.0	Noticed a change immediately.  Started out on 5mg twice a day for two weeks, then upped to 10mg twice a day.  Work in surgery so pretty stressful work.  I couldnt sleep the night before cases thinking about all the bad things that could happen.  Once I started taking buspar those thoughts went away and I could get a full nights rest.  I am clear headed and focused at work, whenever negative thoughts creep in my head I am able to dispel them with relative ease.
3285	10.0	I weaned off Xanax with buspar. At first I thought why did I decide to do this because I was having a lot of withdrawals. Thank God I am almost a month off Xanax and fully on buspar 10 mg. 2 times a day. I am so glad I hung in there and got through all the withdrawals to get to a much safer and healthier drug for anxiety! If I can do it anyone can.much happier now!!
3286	9.0	I've been taking this medication for two days and I'm already feeling a little happier and calmer the only thing I have an issue with is, I take this in the morning and in the evening when I take it I feel very weak and tired for thirty minutes to an hour after. I have pretty much passed out for like an hour after I've taken it. When I wake up though I feel pretty good so I'll take the nap. Its worth it lol. Very satisfied with this drug so far.
3287	9.0	I'm on 30mg twice a day. My doctor started me on 15my twice a day and I noticed an extremely positive change within a week. I went from 5  anxiety attacks a day and constant feelings of anxiety to maybe one attack a week and feeling pretty ok. Since upped to 60mg a day, along with my celexa, the Buspar has definitely done it's job and prevents any general feelings of anxiety from blowing into full anxiety attacks. I can definately feel a negative difference when I've missed a day.  My only concern is that about 20 minutes after I take my morning dose of Buspar, I usually get a dizzy, weak, passout feeling that persists for about a half hour. My doctor doesn't appear concerned about it but it does bother me and feels horrible for that time.
3288	10.0	I was put om buspar due to getting custody of my niece and nephew from dhr and getting a promotion to a new much more stressful job. The buspar helped keep me calm enough to focus at the tasks before me and help me get through my day to day life. I was super stressed and scared bc of all of the changes in my life and buspar helped me calm down and cope
3289	1.0	I've been on this stuff for probably about eight months now and, for me personally, it's about as effective as a sugar pill.  My psychiatrist has me taking three 10mg pills three times a day,  I keep telling him the stuff isn't doing anything for me, but I guess he's been thinking there MUST be a threshold for me or I doubt he'd have me taking 90mg a day.  I gotta admit that I've been curious myself, and they don't seem to give me side effects of any kind, so I just keep taking them.  I'm probably gonna stop and just stick to the venlafaxine because it seems to be starting to kick in now at 300mg.  It's been six weeks since the switch from paroxetine (which worked well for 10 years), and I'm starting to feel pretty good again.  Be patient.
3290	8.0	I started taking this medication during a particularly stressful period in my life and continued it for about a year.  It got me through a divorce and kept me within my stress threshold.  I stopped taking it when I started feeling like I was on stable ground and had little if any withdrawal symptoms.  After about a year, another stressful situation came up with my little sister tried to kill herself and I was in my first semester back to college with a full course load, trying to be a single mom to the best of my ability at the same time.  It definitely doesn't work as strongly as it did the first round, but it makes the stress level manageable.  It feels like he rock sitting on my chest has been removed, and then I can think through things
3291	1.0	This is the first anxiety medicine I have ever been on, and it is by far the worst experience ever. My moods are anxious, depressed, and irritable. At first, I thought I was just overwhelmed with school and work, after reading some other reviews, I realized it's the Buspar doing it to me. If I take one due to an anxiety attack, about an hour later I am crying and talking about how much I hate myself, then about 30 minutes after that stops, I get extremely irritable and everything makes me mad. I've quit taking it until my follow up appointment and I can get it changed. I will never try this again.
3292	1.0	If I could rate a 0 I would. While I was on it for only 4 weeks I became extremely irritable and was constantly hating myself. Worst meds I've ever been on and I've tried a lot.
3293	10.0	Was put on busiprone when I went to the doctor because I was having severe anxiety attacks caused by my asthma that I never knew I had. I take 15mg twice a day, just a couple days ago I increased the dose because I started feeling my anxiety come back worse than I have ever had. . I drive for a living and this has been such a help in keeping my stress levels down especially in high pressure situations. Everybody has noticed the change. I have never had any side effects from this medication. But a much better alternative than Xanax.
3294	9.0	Started taking Buspar to cope with the increased anxiety that Welbutrin gave me. I eventually got off Welbutrin because of the awful side effects, but stayed on the Buspar. It definitely helps to relax me mentally. I feel physically relaxed too, and my anxious habits such as bouncing my leg and drumming my fingers have been reduced, plus some of the racing thoughts and constant worrying have been dulled (although not completely cured.) The only side effect so far has been slight dizziness at times  and I feel slightly less coordinated at times. This hasn't been a deal breaker at all, however, and I'm sure these symptoms will go away with time. I'd recommend this for mild anxiety.
3295	5.0	Hello all! I took this medication for around two months, and it helped with my anxiety, but caused me to become apathetic. I simply couldn't be bothered to do anything! It was horrible!
3296	10.0	"I take 7.5 mg twice a day. 
I feel great and no side effects
I'm  happier and stress free and no anxiety. 
A great med for anxiety"
3297	1.0	My dr added buspar twice a day while on lexapro already. Took for about a week. Every time I took it about an hour later all I wanted to do was kill myself. It would go away for a while and then once I took it again, the same feelings came back. Took it for about a week and stopped after I couldn't take the feelings anymore. Feelings stopped immediately. Would never try this again.
3298	10.0	I love this med no side effects no problems at all just stopped my massive anxiety problems I was having almost weekly and I mean want to run to get out of my skin anxiety.. Panic attacks to the max
3299	1.0	"I took BuSpar for a few days for Generalized Anxiety Disorder, but it cause a ""tic"" in my eye. My eyelid would flicker uncontrollably every once in a while. Apparently this is pretty serious, and can actually be permanent even after ending the medication, which was very scary. Luckily for me, the tic went away when I stopped taking it."
3300	10.0	BuSpar is the only medication that has worked with minimal side effects for me.  Only downside is that I get a bit dizzy and hot after taking my morning pill.  I'm on 10mg twice a day, and it has made such a difference in my life.  So thankful for a medication that finally works!
3301	1.0	I was given this for anxiety and wasn't able to take it longer than week. I had weird dizzy spells after taking a low dose and after about a week the muscles in my face were spasming. This was the first time trying to help my anxiety with medications.
3302	9.0	Very mild antianxiety pill.  Super Love it.  You're lucky if some doc reccomended it to you.
3303	10.0	I love buspirone for anxiety attacks I'm on 15mg three times daily, I have taken nearly every medicine for anxiety there is but this one is the jackpot not a single attack since a week after I started taking it.. Big 10 stars I know Med's work different for others but this is the good one zero side affects I don't know I even take it except I'm not freaking out ...
3304	9.0	I have been taking Buspar for 1 week and I'm noticing subtle good changes. My Dr. Prescribed 10 mg 2x day,  I read good things before I started on them and since I'm very sensitive to medicine and didn't wanna jump in with the dose and then it make me sick and me not want to continue,  so I started very slow 5 mg in the am (have something small to eat made me a little nauseous)  and 5 mg at night. I can notice even that low I'm not as irritated or impatient when I drive,  if I have to wait in line, even my daughter who's 11 says I seem more patient when she asks me a question. Very hopeful as I increase to the dose my Dr wants me at, it will be even better. I really hope this will be the last med I have to try.
3305	9.0	"I have GAD, and after three years of taking care of  my younger brother who has severe GAD  as well as going through an episode of pyschosis, I was told by my pdoc that I have ""caregiver's burnout"".
I was prescribed 20 mgs of Paxil every day and 15mg of Buspirone (Buspar) twice a day. It has been nearly a month now on these meds and I do see an improvement. I'm not sure which one is helping me more but my anxiety level has gone from an 8 or 9 every day to about a 5. I hope to see continued improvement."
3306	1.0	After my first dose on Sunday, I had a terrible migraine. I decided to take it once a day at night until I get used to it. I took it at night instead of taking it at the beginning of my 12 hour shifts (I'm a nurse). Yesterday was my first day of taking it twice a day as prescribed. I took the second dose at 10 PM. I woke up at 2 AM this morning with extreme dizziness and a profusely bleeding nose. I thought I was dizzy because of my allergy meds and being sleepy and I explained the bloody nose as being related to allergies. I went to work again today after taking my morning dose at 6 AM. At 10 AM I once again had a bleeding nose. I checked my blood pressure, and it was in the 150s when it normal runs less than 100. Will never take again
3307	9.0	I am currently on Buspirone 7.5mg twice daily for postpartum anxiety. I've only been taking it for about a week and I, and my husband, can already see a dramatic improvement. I'm not too fond of the dizziness that I experience when I take it with no food, but it never lasts too long.
3308	10.0	"I have been taking Buspar and Celexa and as far as the anxiety it has helped me a lot..I was having bad heart palpitations and it's gone..no more headaches either..what I did was I started talking Celexa at night and I take Buspar 2-3 times a day. 
I can't say I'm completely ok because the Celexa needs to be in your system at least 6-8 weeks before you start feeling better....I'm feeling a little better. And not having Anxiety truly helps. I'm still haven't been able to go to work because of how scared I am to get an anxiety attack but I'm already starting to consider it. Believe me when I tell you I was on the verge of being committed...give it a chance not all our systems are the same.

Good luck"
3309	8.0	I was on this for a little over one month. Took 15 mg per day. It greatly reduced my anxiety, but I experienced nausea about an hour after I took this. It's a great medication but my body could not get used to the side effects.
3310	8.0	"Only been on Buspirone for a week but see a change in my anxiety and mood...for the better. 
However, after reading reviews some of you are condoning it. I am a retired Army Medic. Every medication can effect a person differently. Therefore, it would be better to come off as ""this is what happened to me"" when i took it. Instead..if someone were to google it who is contemplating taking it they probably would get scared. No one really knows how a medication is going to effect them until they take it. Good or bad. If bad....ask ur provider to put you on something else. Noone really knows your medical history in order to even understand ""why"" you might be having certain side effects. Just an observation"
3311	8.0	So I have read several posts and here is my response. This is my second time on Buspar and I was prescribed 7.5. I didn't like the dizzy feeling and I had trouble focusing so I cut my dose in half. Broke the pills. After very light dizziness with the 3.1 dose I am feeling good. I know the doctor prescribed one dosage but if you continue to feel sick after a few days just lower your dose and start from there. You're going to feel weird for the first few days anyways as your body adjusts. The Meds work great. In the beginning when I was getting upset I could feel the medicine trigger something to keep me calm. The more I tried to get upset or was experiencing anxiety, the more weird I felt it's been 2 weeks now..
3312	6.0	I take Buspar 5mg twice a day for anxiety. After a week, I will then take Buspar 10mg twice a day. I have only been taking it 4 days now. I also take Paxil 50 mg daily and Adderall 10 mg twice daily. So far I have had no side effects from the Buspar except slight dizziness and lack of appetite. So far those are tolerable.
3313	8.0	Have been a caregiver  for my mother  who has dementia. Doing  this and working is a challenge  some days. Coming  home after  working  and having to deal with my mother (yeah I know this makes me sound  like a bad guy)  was sometimes  overwhelming.  At times I would dread coming home. Anxiety  would  drive me crazy.  After  being on it for  about  2 months  have helped.  And I can't say I really had any  bad side effects.  It has helped.
3314	5.0	I have really bad anxiety and I've pretty much tried everything. I take kaldopins for panic attacks and they work but I needed something for daily issues. This medicine really worked but omg I can't handle the side effects. Everyday I have a migraine or I'm nauseous or puking.
3315	9.0	"Great medication. Was on it for about 5 years then decided to go off of it because I felt so great. DON'T DO IT! I was good for a year or so and had a big ""relapse"". Curled in a ball on the bed for a month. Cold sweaty palms/feet, racing heart, Skin crawling, etc. I'm now on 10mg twice a day and am almost back to normal. The first week or two it is uncomfortable but trust me, it's worth it. Took a month or two before I felt ""normal"". It's not a miracle pill. It doesn't take every worry away and make you feel like you're on cloud 9. But combined with a great psychologist, life is not so bad!!"
3316	10.0	Take only as necessary. 2.5 mg- 5mg. only when necessary. Been taking for years when I feel nervous and have a tension headache. Works great to relax me. 30-10 mg pills can last a year for me
3317	5.0	Took this medication for a few months after being diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. It did work fairly well in decreasing my symptoms of anxiety, but the side effects were just too much to handle. The first time I took it (my doc prescribed me a low dose, I think it was 5mg if I remember right) I was knocked out in about 30 minutes and slept for 5 hours straight, not to mention this was in the middle of the day. Also caused extreme dizziness that I had a hard time functioning with. I thought the drowsiness, dizziness, and weakness that it caused might subside after taking it for awhile, but I took it for about three months and these side effects still persisted.
3318	8.0	I've been on Buspirone for almost a week now, which isn't very long...but I've already seen dramatic improvement. Although it's too early to tell if it's a true success, I noticed someone mentioned that they felt sick and hot and dizzy for hours. If you eat before you take it, it shouldn't give you those side effects. It says you don't have to take it with food, but it works way more efficiently when I take it after eating. My physical symptoms of anxiety and the panic attacks went from an everyday thing to almost nonexistent.
3319	1.0	the worst pill i've ever taken,made me very angry plus give me stomach aches and really bad headaches. also made my anxiety worse.
3320	5.0	"I am new to the anxiety realm, and have already tried a few different meds (xanax, ativan, buspar) and so far buspar has shown the most promise. However, even on buspar I still experience sporadic chest pressure, sharp pains in the chest, brain buzz, and muscle twitches. Today the chest issues were so bad that I had to take a xanax.

I am typically against prescribed meds, and this is really the first time in my life taking them. The side effects and other dangers scare the crap out of me, but I need to figure out how to subdue my anxiety.

Does anyone have any suggestions?"
3321	4.0	I did not like this medication. For anxiety, I have also tried Hydroxyzine (Atarax). I guess this is just my personal body chemistry but I actually prefer Atarax to this unlike most people. This made me VERY lightheaded and dizzy. I can't exactly remember the effect it had on anxiety, I think it may have helped a little.
3322	3.0	Was on this for about a month.  Went from 5mg 3 x a day to 30mg 3 x a day.  Saw improvement after about 2 weeks for about 5 days, then anxiety came back strong.  Always had sleep issues but this medication definitely exacerbated them.  I had to get off as it was giving me no benefit and my sleep was only getting worse.  Also had pretty bad brain zaps the whole time but probably bc I increased the dosage every 5 to 6 days.  I also have treatment resistant anxiety/depression (tried paxil, zoloft, prozac, fetzima and pristiq.  Zoloft helped me mostly, all others didn't work or made me worse) so this might work for others but did not help me.
3323	6.0	"I too have been experiencing dramatic weight loss with buspar. Just read the last comment and pretty much spot on. I don't get hungry anymore. I'm a 5'7"" female who weighed 175lbs. and now I'm down to 120lbs. After two   months of this medicine. Also I noticed I seem to be having some severe OCD thoughts while taking this medicine. In the beginning it was all smooth sailing and now it seems like it's not working. Going to try another medicine."
3324	1.0	Made me very nervous. I have not had a full blown panic attack while on this medication. I just feel on edge every minute I'm awake.
3325	1.0	I was not able to function on this medication. I took one half of my pill as directed. 30 mins later I was hot, felt sick, everything irritated me. I was dizzy. I had to lay on my couch for 3 hours. I will never take this again.
3326	8.0	I have looked up the research regarding weight loss or loss of appetite while on Buspar and it seems as though more people gain weight or have an increased appetite.  Has anyone experienced weight loss or loss of appetite?  Maybe it's nausea (though I don't necessarily feel 'nauseous') but I have no appetite - at all.  As far as the effectiveness on my anxiety - I feel good, almost 'normal', if you will.  Nothing like taking Buspar for anxiety (mostly health anxiety) to have it make me think sometime is wrong because I have no appetite. However, the thought of 'something is wrong' is fleeting since Buspar. Wondering if anyone has had loss of appetite or weight loss.  -Hoping you have an anxiety-free day
3327	8.0	I'm 15 years old and before being on this I was a MESS. I was so anxious all the time I left school and it was just so bad I didn't hang out with friends for months but after being on it I can't even begin to explain how great I feel. I never feel nervous or anxious for ANYTHING I'm back at school , going to football games , hanging with friends everyday , and making new ones . This is the BEST. I have felt in so so long , probably ever! I'm so thankful for this medication ! It takes about 3 months for it to actually work but I HIGHLY suggest it!!!!!
3328	5.0	I was started out on 5mg of Buspirone twice daily and was then increased to 10mg about 2 months ago. I don't know if it's just not a high enough dose for me, but I haven't really noticed that much of a difference. I also haven't had any side effects from it that I can tell.
3329	5.0	Hey I was on Buspirone and it didn't seem to work and all I did was cut out my friends and act like a loser.
3330	8.0	"I developed depression and anxiety after my divorce 11 years ago.  It comes and goes but normally some stress or change in my life can trigger it.  Sometimes it is mild, and sometimes it pretty tough to deal with.  I exercise a lot, try to eat healthy, keep booze to a minimum but it can be hard to shake.  I have tried several anti-depressant's over the without much luck.  Even though anxiety and depression tend to go hand in hand, I find anxiety to be harder to deal with.

Anyway... My doctor recently suggest that I try BusPar.  I read up on it and thought why not?  It has only been a week (and I know it can take weeks to take effect), but I seem to be seeing some improvement.  I am not as ""consumed"" with anxiety as a week ago."
3331	1.0	Have very bad anxiety and panic attacks.  Swear this stuff don't help /relieve anxiety nor does it stop attacks. I been having panic attacks least 3 times daily.  Prescribed 7.5 mg 2 x daily and all this pill does is make me dizzy, feels like I  got this huge knot in my head, and  there's this icky awkward slight tired feel to it.  Do feel nauseous as well.: I'm  24 and been on/off klonopin 1 mg 3 times daily for yrs.  I'd like to know how the hell this med can help anyone. 2nd time I've been put on buspar  and  it's still awful .  Hope this helps someone.  I'd say skip it and try gabapentin/neurontin instead if non benzos work for you. Good luck.
3332	3.0	Have been on a few SSRIs (Paxil, Lexapro, and Zoloft).  Zoloft pulled me out of a dark hole of severe anxiety and insomnia and kept my head above water for about a year but I never felt great on it, just able to cope with life plus I still needed ativan for sleep which I didn't like but it helped.  Decided to try Buspar.  Wad fairly easy to get on, minimal side effects, a lot of brain zaps, though.  Mood improved after about 2 weeks, for about a week, then it just stopped working and anxiety came back hard.  Also I had bad insomnia the whole time on it, even before, but this didn't help in any way.  Had pretty disturbing nightmares when I did sleep.  Insomnia and decline in mood forced me to get off.  Took for a month.  Was at 30mg 3 x day.
3333	4.0	Okay so buspar was the first medicine I took and it helped with my anxiety tremendously but the side effects sucked. I'm a female and only weigh about 115 so I'm not sure if that's why the side effects impacted me so much or what. The first day I was on it, I was fine. The only problem was I felt a little dizzy after the first 10 min of taking it but then I was fine and I would go about my regular day and I felt amazing. I took this pill everyday for about 4 days and felt fine but then one day after I took it, I was so dizzy, I could barely stand up and then I felt nauseous all day long. It was not fun. So it's kind of a hit or miss with this medicine. You either take it and feel fine or you'll have bad side effects. At least for me anyways
3334	6.0	I have only been using it for a week, but have not noticed side effects. That's the good part. The doctor told me to give it a few weeks to take effect. I feel a little less anxious than I had been. I have been taking Zoloft for over ten years. Maybe I've become too immune and that isn't working quite the same. Hopefully the two meds together will do the trick.
3335	9.0	I started taking buspar one week ago. I'm up to 10 mg twice a day with a target of  30 mg twice daily. It definitely started to reduce my anxiety. I used to take a maoi antidepressant but the side effects were too much. I get a pulsing in my ears about half an hour after taking it. No other side effects yet. Also I take serax as needed and I'm hoping the buspar will eventually be enough. Its a good drug so far. Wished I had tried this years ago.
3336	8.0	Its a wonderful xanax alternative without the yucky withdraw symptoms. There is hope out there and this medication is proof. I love it!
3337	8.0	I have OCD and extreme anxiety disorder. My Dr started me on buspar a week ago. It helped me so much I haven't had one anxiety since I started. The only negative is really bad nausea. I hope to control my anxiety in more natural ways so I can stop medication soon:)
3338	1.0	didn't help at all
3339	10.0	Besides suffering from periodic depression from various business issues and losses I have also and more importantly suffered from general anxiety disorder since the age of 40. I am now 53. Have gone through the various SSRIs, and also benzos of which I still take klonopin once or twice a day. I have compared the efficacy of the two by staying off klonopin for a day and just exclusively usually buspar and can tell you the buspar has far more benefits than the Klonopin without the dependency of the benzo.  I have also had great sexual side effects as many of the SSS have had a negative impact. So not only has my anxiety dissipated, my sex drive is great . I highly recommend this for anybody that has general anxiety disorder PTSD or social anx
3340	10.0	I was taking Buspar along with Proactive and Xanax for 5 years...I felt great, so I stopped the Buspar.  Within the last 2 months I have had to completely detox off Xanax, and it was a nightmare, I hope to never feel that way again...long story short, I'm back on my Buspar along side my Prozac and I can't remember feeling this good...The fog has lifted! !! My anxiety is all but nothing....I have never had side effects from Buspar either, and I take 15mgs twice a day. For those of you that have an anxiety disorder, this medication is definitely worth trying because you can cope so much better without all the hazy side effects from benzos. BEST OF LUCK!
3341	1.0	Well I have anxiety and have trouble getting to sleep or should I say don't get any sleep at all, I have lupus and fibro and I'm on prednisone and pain meds and was recently taken off of my zanax 1mg. Due to the doctor not being able to prescribe me 2 narcotics which I also think is crazy that a doctor is limited to how to treat you, I had been on zanax for 3 years and they worked for me but now due to the limitations of my doctor he gave me buspiron and I am now officially scared to try anything new I couldn't get up the next day. As if I was paralyzed and I felt so off.  I thought I was about to have a siezure. I get nauseous as well.  I'm now currenrly waiting to go back to my doctor to refer me to another doctor to prescibe me my zanax back again
3342	9.0	Buspar has changed my life! I absolutely love this medication. I suffer from phobias and health anxiety and this medication has worked wonders for me. As a nurse, I didn't want anything addictive and this was my miracle. I tried Ativan and it didn't even touch my anxiety. I have had no side effects with the Buspar and it has helped me to relax and feel like myself again! I highly recommend it!
3343	10.0	"My dear and esteemed friends,
Buspirone is in my opinion the best anxiety med I have had.  It is extremely safe, nonaddictive and has no withdrawal effects. I am 32 and never panic/anxiety attacks until  March of 2014 when I had kidney stone and was given Hydromorphone for the pain and it messed up my nervous system giving me pretty bad anxiety/panic attacks and a little depression.  First I tried xanax 0.25 mg for awhile but it is short acting and then was given citalopram 10 mg but I stopped it because of concern for possible side effects of ssris.  Finally my cousin who is a wise doctor gave me buspirone 7.5 mg and it was greaaattt!! Took it for 3 months and total dissappearance of anxiety, panic and no depression, what a blessing it is."
3344	8.0	I was prescribed Buspar a few months ago after consistent failures with various benzos. I took 10mg x day for a while and felt nothing, went up to 20mg x day and kind of felt something, and basically I am now on 40mg x day and I can finally feel it working. It has helped significantly with my anxiety and has relieved the sexual side effects from Prozac. I take my second dose of the day at night with my Trazodone, and it has completely eradicated my fluctuating tolerancy issues with the Trazodone. I never got the brain zaps, but I occasionally get long-lasting headaches, bouts of anger, and fairly awful nightmares. Other than that, it has helped with my GAD quite a bit and is generally more helpful than not.
3345	1.0	Been on Buspar for 6 weeks and I'm not feeling any better. My anxiety is mild compared to most but the irritability and sometimes nervous feeling is why I elected to try Buspar. So far at  6 weeks I haven't felt any benefits. The dizziness has been hard to deal with although I found some relief with 25 - 50 mg. Dramamine.
3346	9.0	My son is in high school and has taken this for 7 months. It changed his life. His anxiety over school was out of control to the point he had to be inter graded back into school. He tried Ativan and had horrible side effects and he was reluctant to try anything else after that. After about 3 months on the Buspar he walks tall into school. No more looking over his shoulder or panic attacks out to f nowhere. We wish he would've taken this years ago. The only side effect he complains of is tiredness and occasional headache. The tiredness was more so in the beginning. Those side effects are minuscule compared to his anxiety before taking Buspar.
3347	10.0	3 months ago I started getting anxiety attacks daily after getting a panic attack that sent me to the ER. Dr. prescribed me Zoloft and that was a scary ordeal. He then prescribed Wellbutrin and that didnt help. Finally after doing some research I asked for Buspar and its been great. 90% less anxiety, Side effects were ( Brain Zap, A bit of dizziness, and some trouble sleeping.) Nothing too outrageous. I highly recommend this  medication if you suffer from GAD
3348	1.0	No help with anxiety
3349	1.0	"I was only on this for a few days until I got a tick inm y left eye and my doctor said I had to discontinue. Research indicates that in rare cases these facial ticks could be permanent which is scary. I also experienced ""brain shocks/zaps""."
3350	9.0	I was previously on buspar and had to be taken off due to other issues that began.  I asked to be returned once those issues subsided and couldn't be more pleased with the results.  I take 10mg two times a day.  No real side effects to speak of.  I guess I got lucky that way.
3351	8.0	First off. Side effects.... Brain zaps. Pounding heart, foggy feeling. First 3 weeks I felt the need for a lot less Ativan. The worry stopped and blood pressure came down . I'm on 5mg per day. Around week 5 I started to notice my blood pressure going back up. Acid reflux and a little nausea. Pounding heart back. I don't want to give up on buspar because I was so happy to lose the everyday worry. On week 7 now. Still at 5mg. Thinking about doing 5mg twice a day. There is no magic pill, but this was close.
3352	4.0	Eating more , not a lot of energy . It seems to take a while to work
3353	9.0	I've had social anxiety since high school and was put on Zoloft, which never worked.  I eventually developed panic attacks when I was 26.  I've tried Xanax for a few days after I was diagnosed and hated it.  Was put on Celexa 20mg and did not see any improvement after a year. I learned to self manage and handle my anxiety attacks and knew that I wasn't going to die.  I went for a few years like this until I got medical insurance.  I went to the Dr. After reading reviews on Buspirone and asked if she thought it'd help with my anxiety. I took 7.5 twice a day for the first 2 weeks and noticed almost immediate (about 30 mins) relief.  Yes it does make you dizzy for a few weeks but nothing you can't handle.  Give it 6 wks and you'll love it!
3354	9.0	I've been taking it for about 6 weeks now. We started with 5mg 3 times a day then went up to 20mg 3 times a day. I have so many different stressors in my life I was having episodes that would last a couple days at a time. Strange behavior, feeling really strange, couldn't concentrate or finish tasks, etc. So my Dr started me on effexor at first, it had terrible sexual side effects, so we went with buspiron. I haven't had any of those spells since I've been on it. I think my 3rd dose needs to be taken with dinner, for the past couple weeks I've been taking it at bed and I think its adding to my insomnia. Overall its been good.
3355	2.0	"It has made me irritable, socially awkward, has not helped my anxiety, makes me light-headed a for a bit after I take it, and gives me the general sense that something is ""off"""
3356	9.0	I have ADHD, Depression, and Social Anxiety Disorder. I've had little trouble treating the first two but neither of the medications I take for them have any effect on my SAD. In fact, it's been a simple fact the entirety of my adult life. Buspar was a godsend. Not even a week after starting it, I was at the pharmacy to pick up some of my partner's Rx's and I just started talking out of the blue to an elderly gentleman in front of me - the total opposite of what I would have done normally! I'm only beginning on my second month on a small (15 mg) dose to start with, but I actually feel like a part of humanity now. For some people it works, others not so much. Just give it a try if you're thinking about it.
3357	8.0	In a nutshell, even though I did not want this drug to work because I hate taking medicine, it really does help me! I refuse to take benzos. My therapist talked me into trying buspar. It made me really tired at first. But honestly, now that I look back, I think it did that because it seemed to slow my racing mind down. So naturally, once I relaxed a bit more, my body finally could rest. My anxiety is not gone. But when I am in a place where I feel safe, I am able to relax and my mind isn't so noisy. It is a strange, new feeling.
3358	1.0	I've been on Buspirone for about six months for anxiety. I take 10 mg twice a day. It has done absolutely nothing for me. I might as well be taking a sugar pill.
3359	10.0	I suffer from sever depression, severe anxiety, sever pain due to several other medical conditions and life itself. Been taking this for about 3 months and things are a lot less stressful. I can handle light social situations again. Im actually able to sleep all night again. This combined with my fleet of other meds I'm able to function a lot more. Ive been on the usual xanax and what not, those were fun but long term didn't work for me (i grew up yay) Need more meds like this on the market.
3360	9.0	I've been on this medicine for about 7 months. I started at 5 mg and I felt great! But around the 4 months I got worse and ended up increasing my dose to 30 mg and now I feel even more better then before! The only side effect I experienced was a slight brain zaps but they go away after a week or two. This medicine has helped me so much I recommend this medcine!
3361	7.0	I am 44 years old and have suffered from general and social anxiety as long as can remember and have used many drugs through the years. I am currently on remeron, wellbutrin and buspar. I take 10mg of buspar 3 times a day and it has a subtle calming effect on the mind and body. If you are looking for a drug that will let you forget you have anxiety, buspar is not for you. If you are looking for a drug that is non habit forming, that has a low side effect profile, has no withdrawal issues and will help you manage your anxiety than buspar is you you. Good luck.
3362	1.0	So far it hasn't helped much with the anxiety... it's actually made it worse. My hands tremble and I feel like I'm walking on the deck of a moving ship. Making an appointment with my doctor to discontinue and find a new med, as this one is freaking me out.
3363	8.0	I've only been taking Buspar for a few days, and I haven't noticed any anxiety.  But the side effects make me sick as, but are temporarily, and I think mine are magnified because I'm on so many medications.  So far it works and is also used for sex dysfunction, which has helped my sex life with my partner.  To each their own.  Definitely do not drive on this medication.
3364	8.0	PTSD. Seemed to help some. Have bit of dizzy loopy for about 15 to 30 minutes after taking then ok. Was taking other meds and got sick and barfed often. Quit taking and nausea stopped. After a couple of months feeling quite anxious so started up Buspar again and anxiety seems to be very much calmed down. I plan to space meds out throughout day and find a schedule where my tummy doesn't feel so nauseated.
3365	9.0	I started on Effexor, that medicine made me sick, and nauseated. My Dr decided to put me on Buspar instead. This medicine made my anxiety so much better! And the side effects are very minimal, I only get a little light headed for a short time, but that's so much better than being sick to my stomach. This stuff has really helped me get through a rough time.
3366	3.0	This medicine worked for the first 4 months, but then my anxiety suddenly got worse that Buspar doesn't help!
3367	2.0	Besides getting dizzy haven't noticed any effect.
3368	9.0	This medication has been wonderful for me and my anxiety. As soon as I took it I felt better right away. When I first started I was on 10 mg 2x daily. I was having trouble sleeping and when I woke up in the morning I would have to go to my moms house as early as 5am because I would freak out at home. I would be ok all day without panic once I took my pill so my doctor told me to try it 3x a day and added Xanax. I took this medication as soon as I woke up along with a Xanax and was able to stay home and not run to my moms and the anxiety was almost non existent. Taking the medicine 3x instead of 2 made a big difference along with one Xanax in morning and one at night to help me sleep. Had No side effects.
3369	9.0	I have been on a combination of medicines to include 45mg Buspar a day for about a year. I used to take Ambien or some other sort of sleeping aid every night as that is when my anxiety was the worse. Now I take an aid about once a week so I am happy with my results. I started out not believing at first but my doctor kept telling me to give it time and I'm glad I did. I did not see results for the first two months as I was increasing my dosage.
3370	1.0	Been on BuSpar over a month and it does not help me at all, actually makes my anxiety worse and I have been much more irritable. Can't wait to try something else. I have also gained 5 pounds in the short time I have been on it. That adds to my anxiety. 
3371	9.0	The best medication I've taken thus far for anxiety. I'm on 60 mg/day split into two doses of 30. Non addicting, no sexual side effects, in fact this is amazingly free of any side effects that I have experienced. I have been on Klonopin in the past and overall I have to say that this has been the best for my anxiety and social phobia. The medical community is all too quick to disregard this medicine as ineffective. Its a safe medicine. You're not losing anything by at least giving it a trial. Its the only med that's worked well for me after trying countless SSRIs, and a few psych meds of other classes. Good luck.
3372	8.0	I have been on this medication for 3 years now - I think I need to up the dose because it is not working that well however it saved my butt a few years ago when something traumatic happened. My dr told me take it and give it 6 weeks and then all the panic and anxiety stopped- it's everything from hypochondriac to 24 hour a day worry about job, health, kids and everything else- I do think it is a lifesaver - I went from 5mg 3x a day to 2 5mg 2x a day - maybe I should go back.
3373	9.0	I've been taking 15 mg 2x/day with good results.  My social anxiety has improved and I am sleeping much better.  I have been taking Ambien almost every night for the past 4 years and now down to less than 1x/week.  That to me has made it worth it.
3374	1.0	This medication did not improve my depression or anxiety at all.  I was on dosages from 15 to 60 mg, as an add on to Lexapro and it made no difference.  I finally switched to mirtazapine and already felt a lot better the next day.
3375	8.0	I'm on week 7, I thought would wait until the effects kicked in to write a review. Regarding the side effects, mild nausea and lethargy for a short while after taking the medication, nothing to avoid taking the pill for. As for the results, very mild, but I notice a difference.  I speak more clearly and confident to people and I overall am less anxious. One big thing,  my constant worry about my health has subsided. I am 31 and live a healthy life bit I get a stomach ache and think I have colon cancer. These thoughts I laugh at now. I recommend taking this. Only 8 stars because it is not a cure all, only you can be.
3376	8.0	I've been taking Buspar for a month, following a period of elevating anxiety that was turning my life into a joyless state of constant worry and anxious, obsessive, unhelpful thoughts.  My psychiatrist warned it would take 4-6 weeks to notice any improvement - I noticed significant improvement within *hours* of pill #1 with minor and bearable side effects.  At other low periods, I was medicated for depression without benefit, and sometimes terrible side effects (Prozac: auditory hallucinations; Celexa: crazy hot flashes). Unfortunately I seem to be noticing decreasing benefit. I have been taking just 7.5 mg/day so today I doubled to the full 15mg I was prescribed.  Hope it works!  This medicine has given me real hope.
3377	10.0	I started taking Buspar about a year ago for anxiety/panic attacks. I've taken benzodiazepines in the past but having an addictive personality, I had to stop those. Buspar saved my life. I have no fear, paranoia, or low self esteem anymore. I used to feel like the world was out to get me and that I was being judged by everyone no matter where I went. I used to have the most crippling social anxiety too, I'd avoid social situations because the anxiety was so bad. Luckily Buspar erased all of that for me. Anxiety still creeps up here and then but it is absolutely nowhere close to being as bad as it was before. No side effects. I love it and will take it for a long time. At first I did get headaches but they went away a couple days later. Love it.
3378	10.0	I was prescribed benzodiazepine for my post traumatic stress disorder induced anxiety. The benzos worked great for me but after admitting myself into a rehab program for substance abuse I was told I could no longer take the benzos as there is high risk for abuse and addiction (even though this wasn't the medicine I was abusing). After a number of panic attacks I sought help from the doctor for a non-addictive alternative. They gave me Buspar 10mg 3x a day. This improved my anxiety but I still had days that were debilitating. I saw the doctor again and he upped the does to 15mg 3x a day and I have been completely anxiety free since. Make sure you have the proper dosage before claiming this doesn't work. And the side effects like dizziness are easily countered with a good meal.
3379	8.0	I have been taking Buspar for 2 months and have definitely noticed I am more relaxed and less reactive and upset in stressful situations. Prior to Buspar I had taken Xanax as needed for anxiety but it made me extremely hungry I would eat so much (and even worse-not remember) that it just gave me more anxiety from all the weight gain. I am only taking Buspar now and I take 7.5 mg x 3 daily. I am able to function on this medication and not feel like a zombie. I feel very relaxed and I am starting to enjoy life!
3380	1.0	I'm a 17 year old female. I have OCD and anxiety and this has done nothing for me! I take 7.5 mg 3 x a day and I wish I could take something else. I've been out of school for like a month because of my anxiety.
3381	5.0	I've taken Buspirone HCL 7.5 MG for at least a month now and its made me feel sick to my stomach, sweaty, and gives me dry mouth. However other people have seen change in my personality in a positive way even though I haven't noticed a big change yet. I don't like how it makes me feel physically but my doctor said it could take months to get used to.
3382	10.0	"I was having ALL kinds of medical problems, severe cramps, inability to urinate, severe joint pain, headaches, insomnia, and more. I noticed an improvement immediately, most of my problems went away completely, and my joint pain subsided some. I've been on it for two months now, I feel happy, calm and 10Xs better all over. Generalized Anxiety Disorder is a terrible thing to TRY and live with, Buspar is the answer. I had tried lots of natural remedies, like 5HTP and many others. The natural supplements had far more side effects than Buspar! I hate taking medication, but I'm not sure how I'd get along without it. 
Buspar has changed my life. I'm not sure what started the severe anxiety because I have never had a problem with it, but whatever it was Buspar saved me."
3383	10.0	I take between 30-50 mg per day depending on how I feel. Usually 15mg or 20mg at a time. Doctors should really look at this medicine for bipolar as I am severely bipolar (with anxiety) and do not like addictive substances. Buspar is a wonder medicine for some! I'm getting my life back! I no longer rage and ruminate, and I can also sleep, and think more clearly :D most things do not work for me but this one did.
3384	2.0	"I tried this after going off Cymbalta cold turkey since I felt that Cymbalta was doing basically nothing for me and worse yet - making me clench my teeth so badly I was getting regular migraines from the TMJ I was getting! Wish the heck I had known Cymbalta had the ""less common"" side effect of clenching and I could have saved myself a ton I agony, massage therapy, CHIRO visits and muscle relaxers! Anyway as for Buspirone - took between 10 mg and 15 mg 2x day for nearly a whole month and it did virtually nothing for my anxiety! This was especially bad because Cymbalta's withdrawal is horrible and I was experiencing extreme irritability, anger etc. I asked for Prozac 10 mg yesterday and feel 85% better already!"
3385	8.0	I've been on it for about a week, just about to up it to 30 mg.  I have had no dizziness or nausea.  I can say for me, it has an immediate effect after taking it. I feel just a tad loopy and very relaxed for about an hour after.  Not sleepy or anything, just relaxed.  It has definitely suppressed my appetite.  It seems to be working already, I'm not grinding my teeth all day, so my jaw no longer hurts and I'm able to focus a bit better.  I like it way better than clonazapam or any benzo I've been given.  I do not get panic attacks and I'm also on bupropion.
3386	8.0	I was prescribed buspirone for my generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder (as well as clonazepam) Three doses a day; in the afternoon only a dose of buspirone. The first three weeks were hard, as it took that long to get into my system. Once it kicked in, however, I noticed a huge difference. I felt more balanced, and less likely to have a panic attack. Once I took a dose it took effect in half-hour. It does well on it's own to control the anxiety. I took a couple stars off because the side effects are true to the label. They aren't so severe after years of taking it, but the dizziness is strong. I feel like my body will just fall one way or the other, and it's hard to gather strength. Now I take only one dose a day, and it works just as well.
3387	1.0	My doctor prescribed this for me due to heart palpitations to go along with another medication Pristiq. This medication did nothing for me other than increase my appetite .I gained 8 lbs in 2 weeks. Have stopped taking it.
3388	10.0	I have generalized anxiety, few panic attacks ever, mostly just obsessive irrational thoughts and constant fears which aren't normal. This definitely helps me calm down and keeps my brain quiet when it normally never stops. For about 2 weeks I would get spouts of dizziness, along with a feeling of restlessness and an inability to focus (felt very much like ADD) but it has been going away! This medicine helps for general anxiety, but I don't think it would do much for panic. I take 5mg 3x a day.
3389	9.0	When I first started taking this at 5mg twice daily (10mg daily total) for generalized anxiety disorder, I was an absolute zombie, especially in the morning after taking my first dose. I was dizzy and unable to think straight. I was useless and confused at work, making my anxiety worse. Once I cut down to 2.5mg at bedtime, it was perfect for me. The ability to sleep well helped me to make better food choice, exercise more, and think more clearly. If I had more severe anxiety that needed stronger management, I don't think this medicine would have been appropriate for me, but it was great for my situation. I discontinued use during pregnancy but plan to revisit it as an option once I finish breastfeeding.
3390	8.0	"I am 23 years old and suffer from generalized anxiety disorder. I did not want to be on an addictive med, and was very adamant about that with my doctor. I was prescribed Buspar and have been taking it for a year now (10mg 3 times a day) and it seems to work quite well. It calms me down and makes me think more rationally rather than experiencing constant worry and fear. I feel more free and open to life. Side effects I've experienced include dizziness, hot flashes and extreme hunger for about an hour after taking it. Taking it with food in your stomach is a must as it decreases the side effects for me. One complaint though, is short term memory problems and ""cloudy"" mind effect, but I will take that any day over my anxiety!"
3391	10.0	This medicine started to wear off I think due to too many negatives over 1 month time and I was upped on my dosage from 20mg x2 daily to 40mg x2 daily 8 days ago for thoughts not right and anxiety plus depression. Everything is starting to lift finally and feeling great and happy. It was really tough 8 days so far with very LOW LOWS and I'm BEYOND happy with it. LIFE SAVER INDEED.
3392	9.0	"I have suffered from generalized anxiety disorder for longer than I care to remember.  Went through too many anti-depressants that all failed.  I was told the Buspar was an ""oldie but goodie.""  I was reluctant to even try another pill and was of the notion that drinking wine was going to be my alternate choice, (which I didn't care to start).  Buspar has been my answer.  It's brought calm into my life.  I recommend this ""magic pill."""
3393	1.0	"I suffer from severe panic attacks. This medicine left me on the couch for a week because I felt so dizzy. My vision is also ""snowy"" from this medication and still has not went away 2 years later. "
3394	8.0	I just started taking buspar and at first I was scared because I hate bad side effects and don't like to take pills at all so I finally took my pill 10mg I felt good at first then came the side effects lightheaded sweating and dizziness but after 20 to 30 mins later it was over. I felt fine went out to socialize and I couldn't believe it, didn't have a panic attack or anxiety attack they work for me.
3395	7.0	I started taking this medicine for anxiety. I was too told that it takes a while to kick in. I'd have some anxiety here and there but for the most part it was doing it's job until a month ago when my life started over stressing with events I could not control and my anxiety started coming back pretty bad. I thought it was good until my doctor wouldn't up the dosage. I am still taking 7.5.
3396	10.0	"I've had generalized anxiety disorder since before they knew what it was.  I have been in all SSRIs, the side effects have kept me from being on them long enough to see if they worked, then Ativan through clonazepam, still anxiety ridden, as a last chance medicine, my Dr gave me Buspar, at this point I was beyond jaded and thought ""oh great another pill that won't work"", but it did, at 30mgs split to 10mgs 3 times daily.  I felt the cloud of anxiety lift after the first pill.  I stopped catastrophisizing everything and got my life back.

It is an older medicine, no longer a 'go to' medicine, but should be, the others made me zombie like etc.  I had the dizzies for a week, pushed through, they stopped.  I am now so incredibly happy and anxiety free."
3397	2.0	This medicine is not strong enough for major anxiety problems related to post traumatic stress disorder. At 60 mg per day it hardly takes the edge off.
3398	6.0	I take Lexapro 20mg once daily and 5mg (for now) three times daily. The first week I didn't notice much at all.. But now that I've been taking it for over a week I am starting to notice it's effects. Most notably when I let it dissolve under my tongue. This medication has no notable side effects. Only downside is its mildly underpowered. To me, Lexapro is the work horse, and Buspar is a helper.
3399	1.0	This medication caused me severe, episodic dizziness.
3400	1.0	I had two panic attacks while on this medication. I had not had panic attacks in years. I stopped taking it and that uncontrollable anxiety got better, more like it originally was I should say.
3401	8.0	About 3 months ago out of no where I had a severe panic attack and was rushed to hospital thinking it was a heart attack which it was not but the next day I woke up with severe anxiety, it was horrible. I tried natural remedies but nothing worked and was afraid of SSRIs because of the side effects, after some research I asked to try Buspar,  it took over 2 months and playing with the dosage, I take 10 mg morning, 7.5mg afternoon and night time. I finally feel like the constant dialogue in my head is settled down to a point where I can function,  hoping it just gets better from here on in. I have had no side effects at all,  it may take a while for this medicine to work but stick with it. I think it's worth it.
3402	1.0	I was told that it may take a while to build in the system to work. I took it for over 2 months. As far as treating anxiety it didn't work. 
3403	10.0	"I've been taking 10mg buspirone twice a day for 2 months now. Initial side effects were dry mouth and dizziness if taken on an empty stomach.  Besides this, I didn't feel in any way ""medicated"" or otherwise affected. Within the first few weeks, I experienced a significant decrease in my social anxiety as well as my general anxiety. It is a night/day type difference. I interact with strangers, made new friends, can focus on my work and school without being bogged down by troublesome worry, and smile so much more. All of this without any type of sedative action or negative side effects. I was afraid to take buspirone after the terrible reaction I had to Lexapro but there is no comparison. Reviews seem split on buspirone, but it definitely helped me."
3404	10.0	This panic attacks all hit me in August, it was December before they figured out it was anxiety because I had other medical stuff, wrong sickness. They started me out on Zoloft I was allergic then some other meds that had bad side effects finally my doctors try me out on Buspar. Finally after weeks getting the right dosage I have been awesome and healthy for over a month. This pill has given my life back, I was so bad I couldn't go in stores. Now I go every day and shop. This pill is awesome, it takes over a month to get build up or did for me. It was worth the wait, I feel so good I stopped it for 4 days I had panic attack then went back on and I plan on taking this.
3405	9.0	"I've dealt with anxiety for a long time and it took the extra step to see a professional about it. I suffered severe weightlose and disconnection of personal relationships but let me be the first to say BuSpar can change that for some. I was first on SSRIs and they only made it worse and was constantly reading about my condition and medications with a fear of demise in the end for it all. Give this medication time and try increased dosages with your doctor's approval. They're are a lot of reviews for BuSpar where people ""have no effect"" but I firmly believe they did not give it time to work. Also know that you are not alone and the road to finding peace is a struggle but the ease and enjoyment of life has such rewarding worth."
3406	6.0	I've only been taking Buspar for 3 weeks and my anxiety is gone but I'm still depressed and irritable.
3407	10.0	Buspar changed my life, no kidding. I have been on Prozac so long, but once Buspar was added my personality came to life. Not that I don't sometimes worry, but it is sooo much better to manage with the Buspar. I am not any kind of spokesperson. I have a friend who it didn't work for, but for me, it has changed my life.
3408	8.0	I had postpartum anxiety pretty bad after the birth of my second child. I could not sleep and was afraid to be left alone with both kids (not because I was afraid I would harm them, I was just very overwhelmed by both of them). The doctor prescribed Buspirone and I was very hesitant. I always have bad side effects with anti-depressants or anxiety medication. It truly has been a game changer. I sleep better and can now enjoy spending time with my kids. I do get dizzy from it, but I can deal with that. I'd take dizziness over how I was feeling before the medicine any day.
3409	8.0	I don't like SSRIs. The fact that Buspar can deal with serotonin receptors without causing the loss of libido, weight gain, and tiredness makes it perfect to treat generalized anxiety. Plus it's non-addictive like many benzodiazepine for panic attacks. I wish they made it in extended release form, though my doctor said it's okay to just take my full dose in the morning - and that seems to be working fine for me. It's the only medication that focuses mainly on the brain's serotonin levels that I like.
3410	2.0	This medicine was very strange. I started taking 15mg a day I had no side effects save for a bit of dizziness that goes away after 20 minutes. I reacted so well to it I thought I could ask the doctor to increase the dose since I still felt anxious well after increasing to 30mg. I totally felt like not myself. Felt like a zombie, brain fog, spaced out, memory issues, very sluggish, violent and intrusive thoughts, and suicidal ideation. 
3411	8.0	I been on this medicine for 3 weeks and I do notice a positive change in my mood. My anxiety and overreacting, over worry and obsessive thoughts has greatly diminished. I worry less, get stressed less and feel better about my life. First day it was very sedating but after that felt little or nothing after taking the pill. I take 15mg twice a day.
3412	1.0	Did experience slight positive changes, but came at a cost of constant dizziness and fainting
3413	10.0	CHANGED me life for the BETTER! Took a little while to kick in. Better to be on this then a habit-forming or dependent medicine..you have to want to change and then this medicine will work. Life-saver! 10mg once a day for 6 months now.
3414	9.0	This medicine has worked wonders for me... took a month to work but well worth the wait.
3415	9.0	I have generalized anxiety and panic disorder, I have since I was a teenager. In the past, I took Xanax as needed but it sometimes made me depressed and I worried about developing a tolerance or addiction. After less than a month on Buspar, I have already seen a major improvement. I ruminate less, my body is less tense, I am considerably less fearful (which is saying a lot because I was becoming fearful of leaving the house), I am able to tolerate stressors in a rational way, I am no longer depressed. What remains of my anxiety is manageable and it no longer interferes with my life. I began on 10mg and after a couple weeks bumped up to 15mg. I experienced insomnia the first couple days but that went away. Take with food for nausea. 
3416	10.0	I found that it worked better for me than anything else. After taking it for about 8 weeks, I was able to ween myself off of every other medication. This was the miracle for me.
3417	10.0	Buspar has completely and utterly changed my life. I have struggled with generalized anxiety ever since I was a child, and I've never been able to find a permanent solution. I have taken Xanax and Klonopin, but those are short-acting, and you build resistance to them quickly, and they're habit-forming. Now that I'm on Buspar, I have no anxiety. None. Nada. Zip. No more butterflies in my stomach, no more hyperventilating, no more irrational thoughts. I can fall asleep at night no problem, and wake up in the morning and be excited about my day. It takes a while to start noticing (3 weeks for me), but it's completely worth the wait. I'm finally excited about my future, and I finally feel in control of my life.
3418	9.0	This replaced Benzosiazepines and Sleeping pills, gives better rest, improved sex drive, decidedly improved social life. I'm 46m, prescribed 15mg x2 daily. Others noted the improvements first. I had no untoward side effects other than dry mouth and a few lingering panic attacks per month easily handed by low dose Xanax 0.5 mg. Various SSRI's along the way didn't help with depression this much. 5 years running. It works good.
3419	6.0	I am 29 years old and have been on Buspar for about a year and a half and since I started taking it my sex drive is completely gone. Yes it helps my anxiety but I am too young to have a horrible sex drive!
3420	1.0	Worst Anxiety medicine ever. My doctor would not prescribe me benzos for major anxiety and ongoing panic attacks. I tried the Buspar, and at first thought it was OK but it is just a tranquilizer. I am a waitress and when I had symptoms of a panic attack coming on and took one, I was dropping stuff, unsteady, and seemed more messed up ON this stuff. I finally found a doctor to give me klonopin as needed and it has been a Godsend. There should not be shame and stigma attached to controlled substances. In my case it has been only the benzos that help me actually get through the panic attacks without feeling like I am about to black out or something horrible will happen. It gets me back to 'normal' quickly, and I never take more than I need.
3421	6.0	I have suffered from severe anxiety for about 3 years now. I've tried buspar for a little bit and it helped some but I didn't keep taking it. I just had to post what has taken 90% of my anxiety away and that's cardio exercise daily. I started going to the gym and riding the bike with the heart beat monitor on it.  I got my heart beat to 120 beats per minute and held it there til I got tired, then slowed down to rest a couple minutes then speed up again.. I'm a crane operator and mostly sit all day in my crane. The very first day I sustained a higher heart rate by exercising for 15 minutes my anxiety levels plummeted. Every day after that it has gotten better. Before taking drugs for anxiety try fast walking for 15 minutes. It will help!
3422	5.0	My psychiatrist put me on buspar after i had tried lexapro &amp; many natural remedies in regards to my anxiety disorder, depressive disorder, &amp; PTSD. Personally, i think that the medication fools with my depression. My depression has been inactive for almost 6 months now &amp; so i requested ( after taking the lexapro ) that i could be put on strictly anxiety medication. I also have adhd, which i have been taking concerta for. When taking buspar i realized that, it increases my concerta side effects, makes me have depressive symptoms. I feel like it makes me have the physical effects of everything but not the actual feelings, which is frusturating because when presented it looks like more anxiety, depression, adhd, ptsd.. etc. symptoms.
3423	10.0	My son timed it several times without me knowing and discovered in 10 mins I was doing so much better, in 20 I was completely back!
3424	8.0	"Was diagnosed recently with generalized anxiety disorder. It has manifested itself differently through the years...mostly Irritable Bowel Syndrome. My symptoms now being terrible brain-fog and jitters. Went through numerous blood tests, stress test, etc...and came to this ""anxiety""  conclusion. I decided to try Buspar, as my Mom had been on it off and on and had good results. I was worried about weight gain mostly and this one was touted as not having this effect. 

After 2 weeks into the medicine, taking 15mg/day, I feel pretty good!  Starting to feel back to my old self again. The first couple of days were a little weird, felt more anxious than ever but tried to keep busy and it passed. A little trouble sleeping at night but take melatonin to help for now."
3425	10.0	I have Schizoaffective disorder with bipolar features as well as uncontrollable anxiety. This medicine has helped me tremendously! I take 5mg in the morning and 15mg at night so I can fall asleep. I would recommend this medicine for sure!
3426	9.0	I have severe anxiety, panic attacks &amp; depression. Am taking 60mg of Cymbalta/day. Until recently was taking Ativan as needed for anxiety. When the anxiety wasn't getting better with the Ativan, I was switched to Buspar for my anxiety. Started out taking 5mg 2x/day. Recently increased to 10mg 2x/day. Really helped my anxiety to where I haven't been as anxious. These last few months I have been experiencing panic attacks again. Calling my doctor within the next week to see about increasing my dose. Overall, I have had no side effects with this medication aside from drowsiness.
3427	9.0	"I have Cluster Migraines so the doctor put me on Topamax, after about 2 months I developed anxiety symptoms and a rather hateful personality so they added Buspar to take  the ""edge"" off. It has worked well for me but I can tell when it wears off. I'm on a low dose so it just may be time to adjust( 5mg twice a day ). All in all very satisfied with this medicine. It does make you dream vividly but that doesn't bother me."
3428	3.0	Took 5mg. Dizziness after I initially started taking, that vanished but occasionally cropped up once in a while. Felt pretty good. Happier. Thoughts that I would normally worry about still came to me, but I was able to think about them and dismiss them, not obsess over them ALL day. Some months later though I began becoming extremely emotional. I cried all the time, became so depressed getting dressed and brushing my teeth was a huge struggle; was paranoid, wanted to hurt myself, had crazy thoughts. I would sob at the drop of a hat, which ISN'T like me at all. Took months of confusion, emptiness, anger, and loneliness to figure out it was the Buspar. Loved it in the beginning, but unfortunately it was not for me!
3429	8.0	Buspirone really seemed to help me control my anxiety. I never had any side effects. I took 7.5 mg twice daily for the first few months, and have taken 15 mg twice daily for the last few months.
3430	6.0	When I first took this medication, I thought my anxiety would be forever over, and I would never have to rely on a benzodiazepine again. Unfortunately, I started getting such bad body shock feelings that I had to stop taking it.
3431	6.0	"I have recurring bouts with severe anxiety.  Six weeks ago, I was put on 30 mg's of Buspar to be taken in the morning and at night.  I got ""brain zaps"" (similar to Paxil withdrawal) and nausea lasting about an hour after I took the medication.  True to most other medicines for anxiety, I felt as though overall, my level of anxiety increased over the first 2 weeks although I would have periods where I was not anxious.  After 2 weeks the Dr raised my dose to 60 mg's. I found it best to take 4 times a day because I definitely feel it wear off. While this has taken my overall anxiety from a 9 to a 7, it is still not enough."
3432	10.0	Made me better
3433	10.0	I have been off and on BuSpar for a little over a year now for severe uncontrollable anxiety but I have to take a high dose for it to work. I just take it as needed. I take 40mg at night. That's when my anxiety seems to bother me the most. If my anxiety is bothering me really bad and I don't take it then I am always up all night long and sometimes 2 days straight. Overall I would recommend this medicine!
3434	10.0	Been taking buspirone on and off for 15 years, for insomnia, anxiety, and symptoms of post traumatic stress disorder.  Sleep is my #1 issue (or lack thereof).  Very effective for insomnia almost immediately upon starting it (after a period of not taking it). I sleep easier within the first day or two.  Within a week I get to sleep easier and more soundly.  Ironically I've always had the side-effect of vivid memorable dreams.  Doesn't seem to increase bad dreams though, just makes them more memorable.  No other side effects.  I have, depending on the stress in my life or other medicines being taken, generally been on 5mg/day to 20mg/day, with good results.  At 30mg/day I feel dopey. Prefer to take doses later in the day, not first thing in the morning.
3435	8.0	Started taking Buspar 15mg 2 times a day about a month ago and I will be honest, at first I hated it! I almost quit taking it! The first week it seemed as if it was making my anxiety worse. My chest was pounding and could not sleep at all! I decided to stick with it and I'm glad I did because all of that is gone now. I mainly had issues with social phobia, and I have noticed I am getting better in social situations. The only thing is every now and then I feel a little dizzy for about 20 minutes after taking it but that's it! It doesn't take anxiety away, but helps you deal with it and better rationalize things.
3436	9.0	"Buspar allows me to rationally look at my intrusive thoughts without getting trapped in obsessive thinking.  I have taken Xanax in the past, and feel that this medication is superior, though it takes some time to build up in your system.  I was against being on medication for a few years, but plan on staying on Buspar indefinitely, as it improves my quality of life and decreases many of the physical symptoms of anxiety I have experienced in the past, such as muscle tension and teeth grinding.  I have also tried Celexa in the past, and unlike an SSRI, I do not feel zombied out in the least, just clearer and more ""at ease"".  I highly recommend this medication!"
3437	7.0	Put on metoprolol and paroxetine for high blood pressure and insomnia. Paroxetine did not relax for sleep but gave all night insomnia. Changed to Buspar 8 years ago and the hair trigger on anger had a safety put on.  If I miss my morning 10 mg I can feel by mid-day that stressor can blow my cool. Often feel fuzzy for 30 minutes of I have not eaten. Still got stress but it keeps the launch button cover in place 98% of time.  Emotional (edge of tears) from outside triggers (TV) have evolved but doc says handling everything that has been dumped on my plate would bring most men to their knees and that IF I would accept it he would prescribe something for depression so I guess I'll try his fluoxetine and see.
3438	9.0	"Been on this medication for over 12 years.  Works well for me. Calms me down without the ""brain zapping"" I got from Paxil and Lexapro. Dosage has been adjusted throughout the years. I am told 60mgs a day is the maximum dose. I am currently on 15mgs 3 times per day.  It took a good two weeks to get into my system, and I remember thinking it wasn't working at first.  It's no Xanax, but it has helped me much more then Paxil and Lexapro did.  This works well for me, and I have no issues taking it for the rest of my life.  I do get some increased hunger and minor dizziness after each dose for about 15 minutes, but that beats being anxious and worrying all the time.  It is also pretty cheap."
3439	8.0	I'm so glad I found this site because it is so uplifting and informative. I have been told that Buspar takes a while to start working but after a few days of 10 mg/day I can tell a difference in my attitude.  My neuro in FL that handles my SCA said to take this because it has helped with balance issues that SCA patients have. Haven't noticed yet but will see.  I do deal with some dizziness in the morning after taking it but that's it.  I love it so far.  Thanks everyone.
3440	10.0	"This is my second day on Buspirone, 10 mg, twice a day (one every 12 hours) and already it has calmed my anxiety tremendously!  I plan on continuing with Buspirone on a ""need to basis,"" like when a major event arises in my life.  Ihave obsessive compulsive disorder with high blood pressure so when major event occur in my life, my mind runs 80 miles an hour trying to plan and manage everything down to the last detail.  Then, I find myself overwhelmed and I have anxiety attacks simply because I can't do it all by myself! Thanks to Buspirone, I'm calm and collective and I can think more thoroughly and more effectively. My main side effects so far would be light-headedness and sleepiness, which is way better than anxiety attacks!"
3441	8.0	The first few days of taking buspirone I experienced an increase in irritability and anger. I've been on it for about 2 months now at a steady 10mg twice a day and it definitely takes the edge off. The first few weeks on this dosage I wasn't having panic attacks, I was more laid back about things, but now I feel like either my anxiety is growing, or my body has become used to it and its not working as much as I'd like. I'm noticing the irritability again. I've had headaches every day. The dizziness shortly after taking medicine doesn't bother me it goes away after a few minutes. And I like that I feel functional and not like a robot. It definitely works, but maybe I need a higher dose.
3442	10.0	"Saved my life.. so thankful. Noticed that it's important to take Buspirone either on an empty stomach or with food. Otherwise you will probably notice dizziness for 15-20 minutes. 
My mind is completely calm and you feel normal. Life is wonderful! "
3443	10.0	I have been on many anti depressants and anxiety meds in the past but this one is the right one for me. It is the only medication that I have taken that does not cause erection problems. While it is no miracle pill, it does take the edge off and allows me to deal with things without anger. I am actually able to see the world in a positive light and not be so negative all of the time. I believe I am taking half of the 5mg pill three times a day. I was supposed to be up to a pill and a half three times a day by now, but stronger doses make me feel medicated and I do not like that. I am perfectly happy with the results and my ability to control my anxiety problems. My anxiety is still there, but controlling it is key to long term health.
3444	6.0	"Worked well for anxiety but got brain zaps and near constant headaches on 10mg/3xday. Didn't realize how well it worked for physical symptoms of anxiety until I started weening to try a different medicine. 

Now that I stopped tight chest, racing heart, and sweating are all back. Don't want to leave the house, very irritable.
Doc is switching me to doxepin."
3445	5.0	I'm 31yr old fem, and have been taking Buspar for anxiety/panic for three months, and have decided to discontinue. It took roughly 3 weeks before I noticed a difference. I am slower to irritate, less agitated, and can better manage the constant nagging sensation of anxiety. I've been sleeping better, but really require a full night's sleep or else I'm drowsy all day. And I've been more at ease with new people. These changes have been certainly been positive but minimal. Lately, every day, 2x's a day about 20 mins after my dose (10mg @ 2/day) I would get a ringing headache, body shocks, and dizziness or nausea. I thought this would go away, but it hasn't, and it is getting to the point that my anxiety level is increasing.
3446	5.0	"Buspar was okay at first. I felt more relaxed and less tense. But I've had high blood pressure and headaches almost every day on this.

Dr is taking me off and going to try something else."
3447	4.0	I thought I was finally going to find the medication for me. At first it was O.K., I was on a low dose, a few days later when I was on a 5mg twice a day for only 4 days, I had been experiencing trouble concentrating, and woke up to my arm muscle twitching uncontrollably, which continued all night and onto the next day. So I quit the medication and called my MD.
3448	7.0	I have been on Buspar for about 3 months. I take 30 mg a day. I feel it is effective but I still get anxious thoughts and worry about having panic attacks. Does this happen to anyone else maybe I just up my dose but I get dizzy for about 30 minutes and can't lay down while I'm working. I was on Paxil but the side effects were awful so my Dr switched me to this.
3449	9.0	So far so good, helps me walk away from unreasonable people instead of sharing my unwanted opinion. I have same side effects as mentioned, wondering if anyone has uncomfortable leg pains painful tingling (like a constant funny bone just got hit but towards the high painful part. Could be a pinched nerve and unrelated to Buspar.
3450	5.0	I suffer from anxiety and have tried several medications in the past. I just started using Buspar 5mg twice daily. I notice in the morning, I am dizzy and have vision problems, it goes away after about 30 mins and I find it is helpful to eat when I take it, as side effects are not as bad. I do like it as I am not as high strung throughout the day, my kids have noticed a big difference in my mood. I'm going to give it a bit longer.
3451	10.0	I have suffered from anxiety, panic attacks and depression since I was a teen. At 37, I started taking Prozac. Since then I've gone though just about every medicine on the market. I've been taking Buspar for almost 8 months and it is the BEST one I have ever taken. I currently take 60 mg of Cymbalta (mostly for headaches) and quit all other meds. I have just a little dizziness in the morning, but this has made me feel confident and comfortable in my own skin for the first time. The most marked improvement is in my work. I have a high stress job with a lot of deadlines, and now meeting them is no problem; rather a joy. I don't rant and rave when I get home. Increased productivity and a happy life! A miracle. Would like to stop the Cymbalta.
3452	3.0	I have GAD and Panic Disorder going on 10 years. I've been on Zoloft the entire time. I had a relapse this year and went on Buspirone.  It worked for several weeks but didn't hold up.  I steadily went all the way up to the max of 60 mg/day but this wasn't for me.  I did have some anti-anxiety effects, but it made me feel empty and I didn't enjoy doing things.  I eventually got off of this.  I'm now taking Gabapentin (in addition to Zoloft 200 mg) and I like it a lot better so far.
3453	10.0	I have never written on a forum in my life but after my experience with this medicine I feel I would like to share my experience. For many years I've had a constant heavy feeling in my chest; constantly feeling anxious and occasionally depressed. My anxiety levels can be overwhelming at times. I get very cross and agitated and can't cope with life's smallest stressors. I find that even though there are hard times and good times in my life I always feel the same way - anxious. I am constantly obsessing over the 'what-ifs' and preparing myself for something bad to happen. This medicine has completely lifted this 'heavy' feeling. This worked instantly! 2 days on it and I feel great. I'll give an update in 3 weeks but so far so good!
3454	1.0	"When taking the medicine, the first few hours my entire body would have random ""tingles"", I would experience vertigo / become dizzy, and be nauseous. I took BusPar  / buspirone for about 3 weeks and quit after these effects + decreased sex drive."
3455	2.0	This medication has helped my anxiety a little, but not enough to make it manageable for me and worth taking. I have also experienced random trembling &amp; muscle spasms. So, no for me.
3456	6.0	I suffered a stroke 4/15/2012 I started having a gradual increase of anxiety to the point I could not stand it. My doc put me on Buspar 15mg starting out then up to 30mg all was great until the random suicide thoughts started I also take Celexa 40mg before the Buspar with no issues. So I contacted my doctor who has taken me off of it.
3457	9.0	Female 21yrs old. I have had severe anxiety attacks for the past 2 years, OCD since I can remember, and feel like I can't breath when I think about the what-ifs. I was on Prozac for a few months and absolutely loved it until I started grinding my teeth in my sleep. I tried the Buspar. I've been on it for 2 1/2 weeks. It took most of my anxiety away. But I got so dizzy I couldn't stand it (15mg). Started halving the pills, still makes me dizzy. Gives me headaches and doesn't help with the stress or obsessive compulsive disorder. My doc is adding Paxil to the Buspar and hopefully it'll help more.
3458	10.0	I developed generalized anxiety disorder seemingly out of nowhere after taking prednisone for an infection, and for three months felt like I could barely function, the physical and mental symptoms were so all-encompassing. My docs suggested Lexapro but I wasn't depressed, just anxious; I did some internet research on my own and asked that they try me on Buspar instead. SO GLAD I did. I've been on it for six years now and I feel totally normal, like I used to before the anxiety set in. I've never noticed any side effects to speak of, besides the weird flushed dizziness when I first started taking it, which went away after a couple of weeks. On 22.5 mg per day but I miss doses all the time, to very little effect. Amazing med.
3459	4.0	I felt compelled to update my expirience with Buspirone after first reviewing this medication over 4 weeks ago now. My initial review was a positive one, after only 3 days the mental fog had disappeared but the anxiety still remained. Unfortunately this has remained the case up till now, therefore I'm going to try some Prozac with this to help with the depression it causes.
3460	10.0	After having tried Ativan and Vistaril I asked my family Dr for Buspar for acute anxiety. I also take Zoloft. I love Buspar. It's not habit forming and I feel like I have my life back! It's my miracle.
3461	10.0	I'm not exaggerating when I tell you all: This medicine has truly CHANGED my life! After suffering with clinical depression and anxiety for over 12 years, this is the only medicine that has completely taken the anxiety away. I take it along with Prozac 30mg and WOW what a difference it has made for me. (I've been on Prozac for 8-10 years). The Prozac helps with depression, but since my main problem was anxiety, it didn't help very much with that. Xanax wouldn't work for me like it used to, and after this last debilitating episode of anxiety, I had lost hope that anything would work for me. I'm only on 10mg on Buspar and it's literally made me the way I was before I started suffering all those years ago.  I feel like the REAL ME again! Amazing!
3462	8.0	I found Buspirone worked well for me. Primary reason for this is due to me only having mild anxiety, which Is where I think this medicine excels. After 2 days I noticed a big difference in my attitude and was able to think more clearly and get back to normality. I've still got another 3 weeks on the pill yet!
3463	9.0	At first I didn't think Buspar would help me since I have always relied on antidepressants for my mostly manageable anxiety with a very occasional Klonopin. But this past year I was diagnosed with bipolar and have been advised that SSRIs could trigger manic symptoms so I am on mood stabilizers but they do not help my ever increasing anxiety. It has gotten so bad I rarely leave the house and can't work. When I started Buspar at 7.5 Mg 2x/day it made me more anxious and all I did was cry for a week but I was encouraged to keep taking it and it would get better and it has! My quality of life is soo much better, I feel normal again. I do get dizzy after my morning dose and need to sit or lay down though for maybe a half hour to an hour.
3464	8.0	It was really good medicine for people with anxiety and panics disorders. I been taking sertraline (Zoloft) 100 mg and Buspar 20 mg total morning and evening and it was really helping me out with general anxiety and reduce panics from my daily life. I had this thing when I go in to any store myself I feel like everyone is watching me like I am going to steal something. That triggers my anxiety and my stomach aches and breathing pattern switch to worst situation ever. Facial all red and it was really painful life. Buspar took care 70 percent of that problem for others was 9 out of 10. I say Yes to Buspar. I suggest talk with your psychiatrist about acute anxiety and consult about having Buspar.
3465	7.0	Well I've been having severe anxiety attacks. Certain Noises, arguments, and even scary scenes in movies would bring these on. I started taking Buspirone about 3 days ago. I have had some side effects such as fatigue, headaches, and belly aches but I have noticed my anxiety level has lowered SO much! I don't really feel nervous, or have worried thoughts. So I am thankful for that. My doctor told me that it would take about 2-3 weeks to get into my system and for my body to recognize it. So I have hope! I will let you guys know how it goes!
3466	10.0	F-Age 60. I have taken Buspar for 20 years, starting in 1992, age 40. I would go off for 3 yrs after being on for 3 yrs. I had horrible relapse of anxiety, would have to go back on. Now I have been on for 6 years without stopping at 5mg 3-times a day. I love Buspar and plan to stay on for life without stopping. I have done things that I could never do without the Buspar, like hiking the grand canyon at age 58, just driving there would have given me panic, and even day to day stress. I will take my chances with long term, better than feeling sick daily, not being able to eat, sleep or leave the house, no way to live. Side effects for me slight dizziness. 
3467	7.0	Helped 100% with the anxiety but have huge appetite increase and have gained 30 lbs on it.
3468	3.0	I took this medicine starting on a fairly low dose, then gradually adding higher doses.  I decided to take it for my generalized anxiety disorder. It had little to no effect on my anxiety despite being on it for months.  I know it works for some people, it just wasn't for me.
3469	10.0	I've had a great experience with Buspar 20 mg daily added on to 37.5 mg of Effexor XR. I have genralized anxiety disorder and Social Phobia, and Buspar has made an enormous improvement. The anxiety is not completely gone but much more manageable. Buspar is a great alternative for people who do not want to risk becoming addicted to the narcotics, such as Xanax. I take it twice a day in the morning and evening, 10mg each time. Within the hour I feel less anxious and calmer. It takes a few weeks to fully take effect (about 5-6 weeks for me), which my psych told me beforehand and I found accurate, so give it time.
3470	8.0	Works wonders for me.  My doctor started me on 10mg's 2x daily a month ago.  Now I am on 15mg's 2x daily.  Once in the morning and one in the evening.  I have taken anti-depressants for years now and have tried almost every one of them on the market.  Finally, I made myself see a psychiatrist. I was dealing with uncontrollable outbursts of anger. It made life difficult to the point I just wanted to stay at home alone. This was NOT me.  After a few days of taking this medicine I felt like I could deal with everyday life again.  Still taking things piece by piece but seemingly my moods are improving slightly because of this medicine. Give it a try.
3471	1.0	I did not like this. I was given this for anxiety and it didnt help at all. I tried it for a month and felt no difference.
3472	9.0	My current psychiatric diagnosis is anxiety and Aspergers, and perfectionistic OCD personality, that according to the letter stating her diagnosis, she prescribed Xanax and Buspirone.  Another psychiatrist had diagnosed me with PDD-NOS, as per the letter he gave me with his diagnosis, he had prescribed me Xanax, which I took, but didn't really like.  I have recently started 2.5 mg of Buspirone, it now has been about 2 weeks, and I feel great.  I was able to interact and hold down a conversation with people and not break into a sweat, and run and hide, or put my headphones on.  The Dr. also recommended that I take Xanax as needed, but this hasn't been necessary.
3473	6.0	I just started this today, and noted the brain zaps, felt that on taking it, initially just need to be aware that it is slightly sedative, but it wears off like 45 minutes later.  Then felt some brain zaps, but my anxiety went away, and I felt normal.  I have Aspergers and for some unknown reason I get anxiety for fear of not being socially gifted, so I scrutinize myself, and my heart races at times. I've been trying this medication and it works, it beats Xanax or alcohol. I purposely went to very crowded places today, and did not have anxiety, felt very normal.  Nice.
3474	9.0	I am responding very well to this medication (7.5 mg twice a day since 6/3/12) for Generalized Anxiety Disorder (with associated panic attacks and depression). My anxiety is back down to a healthier level (not completely gone) and I'm not having as many panic attacks (they still wake me up in the middle of the night most nights). Overall, I feel less depressed (because I'm less anxious). I'm doing everything I can to help myself. I exercise regularly, eat a healthy diet, don't smoke, don't drink, stay away from caffeine, and I read/listen to lots of self-help books/authors. It's not easy, but things are getting better. Buspar definitely helps.
3475	1.0	Buspar seemed to increase my anxiety and caused sleep disturbance.  I woke up several times during the night feeling anxious.
3476	10.0	This medicine has been a God send to me for stressful situations at my job. Unfortunately I had side effects. It has affected my taste buds. Sweet don't taste as good as they used to, which for me wasn't a bad thing.
3477	10.0	It was too good to be true. 30 mins after taking it, I felt as if I was in a state of clear conciseness with no 'thoughts' coming into my mind uninvited. I had to initiate the thought myself. In other words I felt in control of my faculties. i.e general anxiety as it called with various 'rabbit holes'. This medicine makes you feel on the surface of life. And oh yeah, no side effects other then forgetting to eat which is not a big deal because when my body tells me to eat, I'll eat. Also, prior to taking it I had a real problem falling and staying a sleep. Now as soon as my head touches a pillow I close my eyes.
3478	10.0	Good, very good.
3479	3.0	Buspirone worked for me in the beginning by eliminating anxiety as well as nightmares.  However, nightmares and anxiety returned and in response my doctor increased my dose.  Now, I experience anxiety at night that has  progressed to paranoia,as well as vivid nightmares.  I cannot stay asleep when I can actually fall asleep.  My mind goes a mile a minute and I have tried meditation and exercise.  On average, I get about 3 hours of sleep a night.  I have even started drinking a glass of wine or two just to calm my nerves. I now avoid going to bed just so I don't have to deal with the anxiety.
3480	1.0	After a couple of days of taking it twice a day I started crying all the time and everything got worse. I called the Dr and they said stop taking it.
3481	3.0	In the airforce I had a quack colonel who decided to change my xanax to buspar. It was so bad I could not stand up with or without taking it with food. It felt like daydreaming. Luckily I was put back on xanax.
3482	8.0	Before Buspar my anxiety from post traumatic stress disorder was very out of control. Xanax and Ativan barely touched it. My constant anxiety led to a suicide attempt because I was in constant fear which felt like constant panic. I've taken Buspar 15mg 3x a day for almost a month now and I have my life back. Only side effect is a little tiredness. But I will take that over what my life was like.
3483	9.0	I've been suffering from a great deal of anxiety for the last year or so. The only thing that would help were benzodiazepines and they felt only as if they were covering up the underlying problem. It got so bad that I would have a nightly panic attack. I tried a number of SSRIs but the side effects made them unbearable after the second day and the panic attacks did not stop. Buspirone has allowed me to relax and sleep at night with no noticeable side effects. I'm glad I finally found something that works.
3484	1.0	I tried Buspar for three months and it did not work at all for my anxiety.
3485	10.0	After trying SSRIs and other medicines, I have finally found Buspar and it has changed my life in less than two weeks! I have had mild to moderate anxiety for a few years and now that I'm taking Buspar (I only need 15 mg/day in divided doses). I feel normal again and my mood is more positive and I laugh/am happy more even in this tough economic time! No major side effects. The first couple of days it made me a little tired and that's it. Really started noticing changes about 8-9 days I could feel a huge difference and the anxiety is GONE!  This is a safe medicine to take (non habit forming) and I would recommend it to anyone.  It has change my life, thank you Buspar.
3486	6.0	I have been taking Buspar 10mg 3 times a day for the past 3 months for anxiety and panic attacks. I think for the most part my panic attacks have subsided but still experience a bit of anxiety and increased blood pressure. I do take Xanax 0.25mg from time to time if my anxiety gets too bad or too stressed. I do notice I feel slightly lethargic and run down most of the time while I have been on this. Also after each dose I get some dizziness about 45 minutes afterwards which lasts for about 45 minutes or an hour. I used to have a spark to me before taking it, but I guess I'll take the good with the bad for the time being.
3487	10.0	My mind would race like there was no tomorrow. I felt so out of whack that I was in tears almost everyday frustrated with my anxiety/panic attacks, which started about 2 and 1/2 years ago. I am 23 years old and felt my wheels were just turning and turning, stuck in the mud I couldn't shake it and move forward with my life. I feel I was ruining myself and my relationships around me until I was prescribed Buspirone. The crawling in my skin feeling subsided and I am comfortable for the fist time in a long time with my life. I was prescribed a week ago and almost instantly I felt like myself (not a worrying mess). I am able to focus better and live my life again. I still get that feeling of anxiousness but feel things can only get better from here.
3488	6.0	I found this medicine helped a lot with my anxiety in many ways but did not help my desire for sex that I suffer from by the other medications I am on for depression. But like in any medication you have to chose what is most important to you and my anxiety was out of control prior to taking Buspar.
3489	1.0	After being on Zoloft for a while and trying hydroxyzine, which both did nothing for my anxiety, Buspar has also had no effect whatsoever after almost a month. Still taking 100mg Zoloft but might stop taking the Buspar. I see no reason for putting another useless chemical in my body.
3490	8.0	I got put on Buspirone to treat my Social Anxiety Disorder which included several panic attacks in embarrassing social situations and must say that it has generally helped out with my problem. I am on 10mgs three times a day, and despite the side effects which include dizziness and intense light-hededness, I must say the only problem I have with this medicine is the potential to over use it. I find myself needing to take more than I'm supposed to daily, perhaps need to talk to my doctor about a dosage increase. Overall though very helpful.
3491	8.0	I have only been on BuSpar a few days.  I can tell a difference in the anxiety and general anxious feeling.  I had been thinking that it might not be helping as much as it needs to be, but after reading everyones comments I think I will stick with it.  Maybe I need a higher dose than what I am taking now.  Thank you for making me see that this medicine is worth sticking with it.
3492	9.0	I have been taking Buspar for about 6 yrs for anxiety and panic disorder. I started out 10 mg morning and night. When my anxiety got better, I just took it at night. 3 weeks ago I had another panic attack and have been sick with anxiety ever since. Dr. told me to start taking it twice a day again, which I did and already better. I don't tolerate antidepressants at all....so this medicine is a miracle for me.
3493	1.0	I tried it for anxiety and aggresive behavior.  With in a few minutes of taking the first dosage I became catonic.  Tried again two more times and each time the same thing;  Dr. changed my medication after that and said that happens in a very few patients on Buspar.
3494	6.0	"I have generalized anxiety disorder. For me, BuSpar does its job: it decreases those fears and worries that plague your life. 

However, it takes a while for the medication to get into your system. I would not recommend this medication to anyone who is struggling with short-term stress (divorce, legal problems, etc.). If you're prone to panic attacks, don't expect to just take one of these and expect to feel okay.

The memory loss from this medication is frustrating. "
3495	1.0	Buspar made my head cloudy.  I would feel dizzy, had chest pains, and felt like my heart was fluttering.  All anxiety was gone, but so were my emotions after only a day and a half.  My wife said it was like I was stoned.  I am now on Celexa and will see how that works.
3496	10.0	Amazing. I thought my life was over. I dealt with anxiety since childhood. At times it was worse than others but in the past 9 months it has become so severe that it manifested into unbearable physical symptoms. I was experiencing a cycle of extreme hot flashes that would drench me in sweat, the hot sweat turned to cold dampness quickly turning to violent chills. Uncontrollable heaving made me vomit a dozen times a day. I would wake every day in a full blown anxiety attack. I wasn't able to eat or even quit shivering. I lost 15 pounds in 3 weeks, was so emaciated, dehydrated I really felt like I was dying. In 3 days Buspar made me feel NORMAL. Not zombied or depressed like other medicines. Buspar saved my life, or at least gave me the ability to live.
3497	1.0	Taking this medicine I began to feel despair on and off and suddenly, after 30 days, it hit me very very hard with heavy despair thoughts. I had to hold my head for an hour or two waiting for the Buspar to dissolve completely. I had to stop taking it. It's sad because I needed this medicine.
3498	6.0	It helps me from pulling my hair out but I still have anxiety.
3499	6.0	"I have been on a moderate dose of Effexor XR (150mg) for about two years and anxiety started to creep in lately.  My doctor put me on 5mg of Buspar 3x a day about a month ago.  So far it seems to have taken the sharp ""edge"" off of the anxiety, but it isn't the miracle I was hoping for. He just raised my dose to 15mg 2x a day, so I'll report back in a month or so to see if the dosage increase helps."
3500	10.0	Between the anxiety and fear of a full-blown panic attack, (they occur about 3xs per year) I was unable to work, maintain relationships or accept new challenges. Have been taking 15mg 2xs a day since October 2011. It works with no side effects. I have my sense of humor back.
3501	10.0	I cried for the for the first week on Buspar which for me is expected when taking a new medication. Once that week was over Buspar came to the rescue. Buspar has given me progress in my recovery and has dented that wall of fog. It has helped me purge most of my guilt and resentment and helped me notice some of my defects. I am only taking 10mg right now. And after trying a number of different anti anxiety medications I think I've found the one. All hail Buspar. 
3502	10.0	I'm 19 years old and I can honestly say after taking Buspar for close to 3 weeks so far it has saved my life and my ability to function. I had tried medicines like Clonazepam and Xanax before with minimal outcome. I hope someone else get's the help they need from this medicine because I can only imagine all of the people suffering and I feel so bad. Buspar, A  
3503	4.0	Started at 5mg twice a day.  Got dizzy about 20 mins after taking it but that didn't last long.  After a week I just didn't feel it was helping, but I also was given gabapentin for pain which my doctor said would help with anxiety.  Afraid to take the two together so just stopped the Buspar. I'm thinking I will try adding the Buspar back in again and giving it a little bit longer.  Hoping for better.
3504	8.0	I've been on Buspar for about 6 weeks. At first I had headaches that turned into migraines. After taking 15 mg in am, 15 in the pm as prescribed. I no longer have experienced anxieties attacks and handle stress much better.
3505	2.0	For the past 2-3 years, I have been on and off Lexapro/Ativan for Anxiety and Wellbutrin for quitting smoking. I stopped taking Lexapro about a year ago with excellent results. I basically just felt great and didn't need to take it anymore. I continued taking Wellbutrin (daily) and Ativan (as needed). Then I stopped taking both of those about 6 months ago because I was feeling great. Well, my anxiety started up again several months ago and I got back on Wellbutrin and Ativan, which have always helped me tremendously. However, I wanted to stop relying on the benzo (Ativan) and therefore, started taking Buspar. I have got NOTHING from it besides dizziness and a headache. I have been taking Buspar for about 2 months. I am starting Lexapro again.
3506	9.0	It has helped with anxiety so much but it made me space out a lot so we had to reduce the dose, but it does work.
3507	9.0	I knew I needed something to take off the edge of my stressful life. I am on a tight budget without prescription drug coverage so I was prescribed this medicine since it was on WalMart's generic drug program ($10/90 day supply 10 mg only).  I feel so much more relaxed and much less OCD.  My only concern is that I have trouble concentrating and focusing at times.
3508	8.0	Been on Buspar for 3 weeks. Weened off of lorazepam and using Buspar instead.  Big difference.  Started on 15mg 3 times a day. Then 30 mg 3 times a day.  Now experiencing muscle pain, upset stomach, bad taste in mouth. I think my dosage is to high. At 15mg no bad side effects. When I get dosage straightened out. I think this will be a fine medication for my anxiety problem.
3509	8.0	I started buspirone two days ago.  I have diagnosed social anxiety and I think I have GAD as well. I felt a difference right away and a positive one.  Its like I had my hand in an electric socket and was able to let go. Like sitting still in an old car with a running motor and being able to finally switch off the engine. The constant fear, worry, stress is very much reduced. The side effects I have is nausea, dizziness and a mild headache. They start 10 minutes after you take the pill and go on for about an hour. Not sure if they are permanent or not. But for now I really feel I need buspirone to get a grip over my anxiety.  I am not any more terrified of my boss at work or feel general dread!
3510	1.0	This medication does not work for my anxiety on it's own. My Doctor had me on Klonopin along with Buspar and I was doing great. Well since the government added their new laws he took the Klonopin away from me so my anxiety is back full force and he won't give me anything else to treat my anxiety. I think that is wrong.
3511	4.0	Made me very dizzy and lightheaded.
3512	7.0	I've been taking Buspar for about a week and a half now and haven't really seen any dramatic results so far. I started out taking a 15mg pill in the morning and a 15mg pill in the evening, being a total of 30 mg total. This gave me awful headaches and I started experiencing light headedness. I bumped my dosage down to half of that now, and am currently feeling better when it comes to the side-effects. Hopefully by the 3rd or 4th week I will get the full effect from this medicine.
3513	9.0	I've been taking Buspar for about two weeks now and it seems to be helping my mild anxiety pretty well! I started off taking half of the dose my doctor gave me just to introduce it slowly into my system. I'm now up to the full dose of 5mg twice a day. The only side effects I've noticed is that my stomach gets a little bit loud about a half an hour after I take the morning dose, (literally loud, gurgles and grumbles) but it goes away within about 20 minutes. I would definitely recommend it for mild to moderate anxiety.
3514	1.0	I started taking it over a month ago and it hasn't help my anxiety at all. My hands and legs are shaky, I am constantly dizzy, have a hard time focusing, and my stomach is upset a lot.
3515	4.0	"Peaks and Valleys:
I felt like I had peaks and valley's of its effect (and side-effects).  I would feel its effects one hour after I took it, and they would be mostly gone six hours after the dose.  So even taking it four times a day did not provide stable relief.  

Effects:
It cut my anxiety down by about 40%.  Benzodiazepines cut it by about 90%.  

Side-Effects:
-I felt a roaring sensation in my head.  
-It also made me feel depressed sometimes.

Buspar side effects aren't too bad, but it doesn't provide that much relief either."
3516	9.0	I have been taking Buspar for 6 months now. It gave me my life back. My anxiety was so bad I could hardly function. I almost died a few years ago and since then my anxiety about my health and death was overwhelming. I love Buspar and I pray it continues to work. I take 30 mg twice a day. No side effects, just a little light headed for a few minutes but nothing serious. 
3517	9.0	"Buspar has worked great on my mild to moderate anxiety. I take it in combination with Ativan (as needed), but generally find I do not need the Ativan more than a couple times a month. Buspar has worked very well for me and has the great advantage of not being habit forming, so I feel safe taking it on the long term. 

That being said, it takes about 3 weeks to kick in fully. It also makes me dizzy if I take it differently than normal (with food as opposed to without, vice versa). It would also not be a good choice for someone with moderate to severe anxiety, as it is not a very strong drug. I take it in combination with a good diet and exercise, but doubt it would work as well without them."
3518	5.0	Buspar was the first medicine prescribed to me for anxiety. I started out taking 5mg three times per day, then the dosage was increased to 10mg twice per day, but I had to go back to the 5mg dosage because I got extremely lightheaded at higher dosages. At first it seemed to help, but over time I realized I was still very very anxious even with the medicines. 
3519	10.0	"I have been taking this medicine for around 4 years. It has helped my anxiety so much. It stops the overwhelming thoughts and panic. I suffered a traumatic event and felt so much anxiety after, I didn't know what to do. I was prescribed 15mg 2x a day but only take it once and feel that it's enough. The only side effects I feel are ""brain zaps"" and dizziness if I forget to take the medicine after a day or 2 but it goes away. It makes me drowsy too but exercise helps with this.  It may have caused weight gain but nothing too over the top. The positive outcome of taking this medicine outweigh the negatives. Everyone is different but this medicine works for me!"
3520	9.0	Last month my obsessive compulsive disorder got over whelming with images, thoughts , and I found myself not eating and not sleeping. I begged for help and got put on Buspirone on the 2nd of July and I got told it should help reduce anxiety and help me sleep as it was the anxiety causing the insomnia. I was prescribed 5MG twice a day. Its been 3 and a half weeks and my anxiety is so much calmer and I now have slept well ever since then. It did take about a week and half for effect to kick in however I now take 5MG 3 times a day as twice a day was a bit weak , overall very good however takes time to kick in.
3521	8.0	I tried a lot of the SSRIs and SNRIs medicines, Lexapro, Effexor, Celexa, Wellbutrin, pristiq, Paxil. Lexapro and Effexor gave me monster insomnia, could not sleep for nothing. Wellbutrin made me pass out and the other 2 did nothing for me. Finally my Doctor put me on Buspar 7.5 two times a day. It did make me nauseated but it says to take it on a full stomach which I took on an empty stomach. After I followed the directions I didn't have any more issues. No side effects and my libido has increased (wife happy). Really no more issues with anxiety anymore, I can now go to dinner, the grocery store without any issues.
3522	9.0	I am a physician who has struggled with anxiety my whole life.  I have previously tried selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), benzodiazepines, as well as meditation, exercise, healthy eating, and CBT.  All the non-drug options were helpful but not sufficient. SSRIs were not very effective in my case and I had various side effects.  Benzodiazepines worked brilliantly and helped me through some stressful months of training but led to pharmacological tolerance and dependence.  After many years of struggling with no medications I decided to try buspirone but I was very skeptical it would work because most of my colleagues stated it was a rather ineffectual drug.  I have to say they are absolutely wrong.  I feel calmer, more in control than I have been for a long time.
3523	9.0	I really like how the Buspar worked for me I was given 10mg tablet half to a whole up to three times a day and it did wonderful to help tame my anxiety. I had to lower my dosage of Buspar because the original diagnosis of anxiety, depression in ADHD might be Bipolar disorder instead but I really didn't experience much side effect except maybe lactation without pregnancy but that may have been Celexa causing it.
3524	10.0	"Simply amazing. I have extremely awful anxiety and I guess you might consider I have panic attacks at times...usually over worrying about my children.  I was just sitting here in crying fit and thought to myself, ""You know you can take your 2nd dose of Buspar now, it's okay, you get three a day!""  SO, I did and I feel so much better. The crying has already stopped, after 30 minutes of taking the medicine. I was researching the medicine online and found this site and when I did, I knew I had to post to help others who might be in my same situation.  JUST TRY IT. You can't go wrong in trying it."
3525	8.0	"I've suffered with anxiety at critical periods in my life and was advised by MD's to try antidepressants as an alternative to Ativan.  The side effects were intolerable.
BuSpar has been miraculous for me. The first week was an adjustment, with ups and downs in mood and some restlessness.  On the 7th day I awoke to even, stable
calm and increased concentration which has been consistent.  My advice is stay with it for a couple of weeks using a benzodiazapine as needed until you stabilize.
I had few side effects and those eventually disappeared."
3526	8.0	I started taking Buspar about 2 months ago, 5mg 3 X a day and it has really helped me quite a bit. I was VERY nervous about trying this medicine, after having a terrible experience with an SSRIs, but I had TOO much anxiety NOT to give it a try plus the fact that it is non-habit forming appealed to me. I do get a touch of dizziness about 15-20 minutes after taking it- but it's not completely debilitating. My doctor has just recommended for me to up my dosage to 10mg- 3X a day, so I'll keep you all posted and let you know how that goes. It DEFINITELY has helped though, so for that, I am very thankful.
3527	10.0	After reading these other comments I must say that this medication has affected me greatly in a good way. I have had a lot of health problems in the past and I have taken multiple different anxiety medications that have not worked. The first day I took this medication, I have already started to feel a change. Plus this is also a good medication for women who are pregnant who have anxiety.
3528	10.0	I've had GAD and dysthymia my entire life. Wellbutrin worked wonders for depression but my anxiety has been horrible forever. My main symptoms are cold, sweaty hands and feet combined with a burning hot face, chest and trunk and a feeling of agitation. I have these symptoms every day and they do not seem to be triggered by outside events or thoughts. It feels like a chemical imbalance. No panic attacks. I started 5mg of buspirone 3x/day and noticed improvement IMMEDIATELY! It felt like a warm tingly sensation spreading through my veins and my temperature started to equalize. I feel much less anxious and less urge to pick my cuticles and lips. I feel calmer. I am getting headaches but hope they will stop soon.
3529	9.0	This medicine has significantly reduced my anxiety. I still have a little anxiety, but without this medicine my anxiety would be extremely high.
3530	5.0	Take 30 mg/day, helped mildly with my GAD. Did nothing for my social anxiety. I continue to take it because it has no side effects and am told it will help with anxiety I may get from taking Wellbutrim. I have to take Xanax or Clonazepam regularly when having moderate/severe anxiety. Only side effects experienced in the first few days was dizziness and insomnia. I was able to increase my dose within 2 weeks. I am considering increasing my dose of Buspar to see if I just need a higher dose to feel a stronger effect.
3531	10.0	I started taking Lexapro and Buspar after the loss of my job two years ago. It took about 3 weeks for the horrible anxiety to go away. This combination was a miracle. After getting a new job I slowly weaned off the medication. Now another life event has caused me great anxiety. I started just taking the Lexapro which helped but not as much as the combination. I am starting this morning with 10 mg in the morning and 10 mg in the evening and will increase it to 15 and 15. Living with GAD is living a nightmare. People that don't have anxiety can't appreciate how this condition just destroys you emotionally and physically. God bless everyone suffering from this and thank goodness there is a medicine that makes us whole again.
3532	9.0	Have tried Paxil and Lexapro which sent me into hyper-panic and GAD. I was about to give up on medicines and accept my miserable anxiety as a fact of life when my Doctor recommended Buspirone. I noticed my anxiety began to taper the second day I took the medication. No real side effects to speak of through my first week. The one thing it has delivered for me, HOPE!
3533	9.0	I have been on and off again many different anti-anxiety and anti-depression medicines for the past 10 years. At one time I was on Cymbalta, Gabapentin and Propranolol and another time Abilify, instead of Cymbalta. Being on all those medicines made me become manic and numb to the world and feelings. I felt I had no control over myself, so I took control of the situation with my psychiatrist and told her enough is enough. Weaned myself off the medicines, went to counseling and then to my family doctor who prescribed me Buspirone. Was skeptical at first, but WOW! What a difference! I have been on it for about 3 years now. I have been taking 10mg twice a day since day one. I now have control over my life.
3534	8.0	I'm just now starting to up it to 20mg/day. I also take 2 other SSRI type medications, and have been on depression medicines for about 20 years. Being currently unemployed and very little money, I can relate to others here when they say they are stuck in fear. I'm hoping this thing gives me some relief. Life is already too hard.
3535	9.0	I have been taking this medicine for 2 years and it is the only thing that has worked for me. I finally asked my doctor about a non narcotic anxiety drug, and she gave me BuSpar. I am so grateful. I still have some unwarranted worries, but no where near the level I have experienced them without BuSpar.
3536	2.0	I started Buspar four days ago, and my anxiety is unbearable now. I suffer from severe migraine which has gotten worse since the first dose. Since it's only been days maybe I will try one more week to see if my anxiety gets better but from the looks of it I doubt it.
3537	8.0	I have been taking Buspar for 8 days now. It was prescribed for irritability and anxiety. I walk around feeling nauseous and frequently have chest pain, palpitations and just constant worry. So Started out taking 7.5 mg morning and night and just increased it to 15mg morning and night. I noticed a difference with the irritability almost right away. I'm definitely able to enjoy things more since I don't feel like screaming at everyone I meet! Side Effects- I've experienced some mild to moderate dizziness. But the weird thing that I've had is a fuzzy tingling sensation that goes through my whole body. It lasts for maybe 2-3 seconds but happens every few minutes for about 30 minutes after I take a dose. It's worth it though.
3538	5.0	I have been taking Buspirone for only 3 days now, my doctor prescribed this to me for anxiety and panic disorder. It does make me dizzy but so does my anxiety so that's something I'm used to. The first night I took it I did notice a big difference. I was in the middle of a panic attack so I took the medicine and almost immediately it calmed me down. I really hope over the next few weeks I notice a difference and I get to start living a normal and happy life again.
3539	9.0	I have been taking Buspar for a week now, and the next day I felt a difference. Actually the next three to four days I felt a difference. But after that I started having some anxiety again and irritability. I was concerned that it had stopped working. I went to my doctor and she told me to keep up with it. That it takes some people 2 months to start working. I said well I have been waiting my whole life for something to work so 2 months is worth the wait. So if you are new to trying the this I recommend waiting. The side effects for me were pretty bad. I had flu like symptoms, constipation, insomnia, the shakes, muscle spasms, but for the most part they have started to go away. I have found being very consistent with taking it helps.
3540	7.0	"I've been on this medication for over two months. BuSpar helps with day to day, general anxiety. That said, I don't feel that I can rely on this medication to stop a panic attacks. I still have agoraphobic feelings, and certain anxious thoughts (hypochondria type things) that haven't ceased since before starting this medication. 
Side effects I've noticed: Lightheadedness. Moderate fatigue. Munchies, snackyness. Increased libido and depth of taste. 
Give it a try. Compared to SSRI's, it seems to be as effective without changing one's brain chemistry so drastically."
3541	1.0	I've been prescribed Xanax for 5-6 years because I told my doctor I was on the Suboxone program for about 6 months. Once he knew he took me off Xanax and prescribed me Buspar. Buspar didn't work for me. It made me feel like the room was spinning, stomach pains, legs like jello, and couldn't sleep right. My personal opinion was I was fine on Xanax, but since my doctor switched me to Buspar, all my panic attacks/anxiety got worse and caused my depression to get worse. This medicine did not work for me.
3542	8.0	I started taking Buspar only a few days ago, 7.5 mg in the morning and evening and so far have experienced the dizziness only in the morning.  Had some nausea, but don't know if I can attribute that to the medication or the fact that I've stopped taking Ativan.  So far, so good though.  I do feel a little less anxious already and am excited to see the full results.
3543	7.0	"I'm on a very low dose -- 5mg/day -- but have had success until recently. I have never had any side effects or ever felt ""drugged"".  It just reduced my anxiety and tendency toward agoraphobia. Recently the agoraphobia has been winning so I have contacted my Doctor to either raise my dose or try a different medication.  I just can't get myself out the door;  it's like walking to the end of a high diving board. Stress and panic increases as I get to the end, then the horrible fall like I'm having a heart attack.  Finally floating in the water I am actually fine, and even enjoy myself.  "
3544	3.0	The doctor just put me on this medication for my high anxiety. I was taking Xanex 1mg and switched me to this, its been 2 days taking it at a 7.5 mg and I'm really not noticing any relief at all.
3545	1.0	I was prescribed buspirone because of being on Suboxone and the doctor didn't want me mixing my Suboxone and Xanax. I took my first dose of 10mg, which I was to take 3 times daily and had a very bad experience. I felt like the room was spinning, nausea, my legs were like Jello and I was scared. I had been taking Xanax for 5-6 years and wanted to come off anything addicting. Unfortunately Buspirone was not for me.
3546	7.0	I take this medicine 20mg in the morning and 20mg at night. When I first started it I had trouble sleeping. I felt like my legs couldn't sit still, and I had tingly fingers and I would get dizzy. I've been on it for about 5 months and I still get dizzy after each dose sometimes I need to lay down. But it has helped tremendously with my anxiety, I can go out and have fun without having the constant worry in my head. Before being on any kind of medicine I used to throw up and shake a lot from my anxiety attacks, now its all gone and I can live a normal life. I am also on 100mg of Pristq and 0.25mg of Xanax (as needed). I recommend this medicine for anyone who has anxiety disorder, but just be aware of the dizziness.
3547	9.0	I have been using buspirone (Buspar) along with Cymbalta for depression and anxiety for about 2 years now.  It did take a while to get my regimen figured out as far as how much to take and when to take it, but now that I take it regularly and consistently, my life has changed.  The side effects were horrible at first, including stomach aches and severe dizziness, but they have mostly subsided.  I take mine with food in the morning, and if I'm having an extra stressful day, I can take one in the afternoon or evening.  It definitely calms my nerves.  I feel normal again instead of in a cloud of depression and anxiety.  It may not work for everyone, but it has worked for me and I will continue taking it.
3548	8.0	I have been on Buspar for 8 months and it has mellowed me out without the feeling of being drugged. I have noticed that if I miss a dose my old grumpy and panic attack self comes back quickly. I have tried many things to help control my depression and panic attacks and this drug makes me feel better but I have to control my feelings more.  In other words it does not make you so numb that you are out of it like other drugs. It just takes the edge off. I recently also discovered that it could be the reason for my increased sex drive. I may be showing signs of hair loss (but it's hard to tell given I am of that age when it happens) but I will take a better feeling and libido over hair. I have also on occasion noticed a metallic taste.
3549	4.0	At first it worked pretty well but about 3 months later I was having the anxiety again.
3550	8.0	"I've only been on it for a few days, so it's hard to tell.  I have GAD and my symptoms are flu-like in nature.   I saw my anxiety go from the cliche butterflies in the stomach to having diarrhea and vomiting/nausea whenever I was in strange social situations. After 15 years of dealing with this I went in for help and was prescribed Buspar. At first, no side effects.  But last night I felt the ""electric"" pulses at work and was pretty dizzy for about a half hour.   I take 10mg 2x per day.   Hopefully these side effects will mellow out.   I'm wondering if caffeine might have a counter effect?   Had coffee shortly before taking the pill. "
3551	6.0	"I took this medication for 9 years and I believe it had an accumulative effect on me.
I weened myself off and am still having problems sleeping and am now more irritable than ever.  I was also on Dilantin and phenobarbital.  I wish I had found this site when researching this medication.  Initially it did help me and I had good results but I had to break the dosage in half."
3552	10.0	I have been taking BuSpar for 8 plus years.  I still have some side effects of dizziness if taken on an empty stomach and coffee but I think that is asking for trouble.  I can honestly say it saved my marriage and family life.  High stressed medical position always being on call which increased my anxiety. Anxiety was at such a level that no one could stand to be around me.  I take 10mg once in the morning which lowers my anxiety to a tolerable level for the day.  When I feel extra stress coming on I take 10mg in the morning and 10mg at night.  It does not work for everyone as many have mentioned but it has given me a second wind to enjoy life to the fullest.
3553	1.0	Medicine made me dizzy and nauseous.  I actually got anxious taking anti-anxiety medicine. Had to stop
3554	1.0	"I was given this ""medication"" when my PTSD related anxiety and panic was too strong for Vistaril to even touch. I've been on BuSpar for almost 8 months with no change in my Anxiety or Panic frequency. I have switched doctors and am now on 0.5mg of Xanax x 2 a day with no complaints. "
3555	9.0	I am now into my 3rd week and for myself it worked by the next morning. I had a past of 20  years on prescription Ativan and the after effects of stopping that medication made me very wary of trying anything else for my attacks. But my life had stopped and I truly felt no hope for the future so I laid it all out for my doctor and mentioned that I had noticed an article on Buspar and with little or no side effects or chance of addiction it seemed a chance I would take. My doctor said she had prescribed it many times chosing it for those same reasons with her patients. Since then my anxiety is almost non-existent. I don't feel medicined at all. It did mess with my stomach some but nothing to change my opinion of the medicine. Last hope, best decision.
3556	1.0	It didn't work for me at all.
3557	8.0	I have a bipolar disorder with anxiety and have been taking Seroquel for the bipolar condition for more than 5 years.  I decided to try the Buspar to help with the anxiety using 2 X 10mg per day and it works wonders.  At first the side effects made me cry for nothing but after 1 week everything got resolved and I see the benefits.  No real side effects for me since I use Seroquel which is much stronger on the side effects.  What I see is that I can have dreams again which didn't happen for for the last 20 years and a lot less anxiety.  Less closing of the hands reflects, calm, no social phobia, or performance anxiety.  It is working very well for me and now I need to do more with my life since I have the capacity.  Thanks
3558	10.0	"I have been taking Buspar for 2 weeks now. My doctor started me on 10mg - 3 times a day right off the bat. It has taken away the constant ""buzzing"" in my head. The general feeling of dread, helplessness, anxiety and constant worry along with irratibility and agitation that I haven't been able to shake since being weaned off Klonopin. (I was on Klonopin for 5 years). It has given me no side affects. I still do not sleep well, but today, I cannot imagine NOT taking this medicine because I feel 10X better than I did 2 weeks ago!"
3559	7.0	My psychiatrist prescribed 10mg 3 times per day for me after I recently identified I have generalized anxiety accompanying my depression. The anxiety was causing some anger issues and causing stress to build up. I've been taking it 10 days now and I have to say I am beginning to notice my mood is getting increasingly more stable. I don't bang things around or rush or hurry, and I am not so preoccupied. The effects are subtle, but there. I am hoping the effects will build up some more over the next two weeks to where I am free of anxiety. No side effects. I am taking this with Celexa (citalopram) 40 mg for depression.
3560	1.0	I started taking BuSpar for my anxiety and it made me very dizzy and tired. It also made my arms tingle and I started getting terrible headaches every time I took it. My anxiety just got worse while taking it because I was worried about the side effects it was causing.
3561	10.0	"I've been on buspirone for a week now and must say it that it is working great. It made me feel a little ""off"" for the first few days.I want to point out something I haven't seen in any of the other reviews. My anxiety was getting so bad that I was abusing my current prescriptions of Lortab and Xanax. I was taking 10-18 7.5mg Lortab and 5-8 1mg Xanax daily just to stay ""level"" and to sleep at night. The Lortab was taking control and I knew I had to stop, but withdrawals are HORRIBLE. Just in this week I'm down to 1 Lortab and 1 Xanax a day. I'm currently taking 10mg twice daily of buspirone. It has just about eliminated my dependence of Lortab and Xanax, however I do take Lortab for pain. I urge anyone with similar situation to give it a chance."
3562	2.0	"I began on 5mg in the morning and at night. I became extremely dizzy, flush, and sleepy. I lowered the dosage and got tingles all over my body. I would touch something and the tingles would run up my arm and then up to my head. 

After a few weeks I became enraged and could not control my anxiety. I stopped using the drug and got a few migraines but the rage is gone."
3563	10.0	Before I started taking buspar it felt like there was a ticking time bomb inside my body and throughout the years it just got louder and louder. I would have so much panic and fear that I stood still to avoid having to move forward in life. After I started taking buspar that tick went away and the fear lessened enough for me to start taking steps forward to better my life and my families life...I have nothing but good things to say about this.
3564	10.0	I had taken Buspar many years ago until one day I decided I just didn't need it anymore and stopped taking it, no weaning, no withdrawal. Now I'm back on it again and will stay on it until I feel that way again. It took a couple weeks, and a few days of depression, before it took hold but I have never experienced any side effects. In fact the only thing I feel is that I am thinking positively, rather than looking for a boogey-man in everything. Just a natural feeling of health. Recently the doctor tried something else because of poor sleep and gave me lorazepam, which made my arms and legs feel heavy and I slept for 12 hours, and then diazepam which did nothing much but dampened my feelings and sleep was worse. I'll stay with Buspar.
3565	9.0	I'm 18 years old. My doctor just prescribed Buspirone the other day. I took 1 pill of 15 MG couple hours ago. I felt dizzy and light headed for about 45 minutes. I kind of feel out of my element, but I'm fine. I'm taking this because I have some what of an anxiety, but it's not severe. I bite my nails due to anxiety and I'm a little depressed at times so that's why I'm taking this medication. Hopefully it'll help!!
3566	5.0	I was prescribed BuSpar by my doctor and I am hesitant to take it. I have seizure disorder and take Dilantin (phenytoin). My doctor is aware of this, but I have read that BuSpar may negatively react to the seizure medication. I hope it works and doesn't interact with my other medicines. I have been on benzodiazepines such as Klonopin and Xanax and built up a tolerance. I was taking unusually high dosages and was recently weened off. 
3567	8.0	I started Buspar about 7 months ago and after almost 2 weeks stopped taking it due to it giving me the shakes, but my worry and anxiety continued. I tried 5-HTP and that didn't work, so about a month ago my prescription was still there and I started taking Buspar again, and I'm on 7.5 mg twice a day and I feel a big difference, I think the key is to take it like its prescribed. No side effects since I have started taking it again.
3568	10.0	A little over 2 years ago I started feeling anxiety thinking of bad thing that would happen to me or my family. I would worry about these things every day and then I would have trouble breathing and it was all do to anxiety.  My doctor prescribed Buspar and everything went away and I felt normal and stress free and the feelings I had went away. I also read Buspar is for short term, but as long as your doctor prescribes it for you. You should take it as long as you need to. Without it I would be a wreck.  As for side effects I get dizzy and tired, I take one 15mg at night and the other in the afternoon after work and take about a 30 minute break and lay down or just watch T.V. I feel much better after that.
3569	8.0	I have been taking Buspar for over 2 years and have had a lot of success. Recently had to increase my dosage to 15mg twice a day as my anxiety started to increase this past summer for no apparent reason. I also take 60mg of Cymbalta every other day but think the Buspar is what really is working for me. I feel for all people that have issues with anxiety! It's the worst and horrible to go through. Hopefully Buspar will keep working for me.
3570	1.0	I was hoping this medicine would help with my anxiety and depression but it made me feel terrible. I took my 1st dose at night, low dose of 7.5 then again in the morning...about an hour later.....I was so dizzy,almost fainted. My husband was wondering what was wrong with me. I lay down in my bed and stayed there till all these feelings went away. Didn't work for me!
3571	7.0	I have been on Xanax, Ativan, Valium and most of the other drugs in the benzodiazepine family. I had built up a tolerance to most of them, so my Doctor prescribed Buspar.  Not being part of the benzodiazepine family, the effects are different and a bit more subtle then I have been used to, however, I have learned to appreciate the difference, because I was looking for something different.  Buspar at least for myself is looking promising.  I also have LexApro, but am hesitant to mix these two medicines at the same time.
3572	3.0	"I wish I could say that Buspar helped me.  I was really hoping that I would have the same experience as some of the individuals here.  I think the Buspar actually made my anxiety worse. However, I didn't feel any side effects until I took it for about 2 weeks.  

I had the dizziness and fatigue that many have commented on, but also the less common side effects like gastrointestinal problems, nausea, confusion, and lack of concentration.  I had to stop taking it because it was impairing me so badly.  I hope that this medication works for others but it, unfortunately, did not for me."
3573	10.0	It took about one month to work for me, but now I'm much calmer, less tense, and much more patient in everyday life. This medicine has truly given me my life back. I took this drug paired with Neurontin and Abilify and the combination of them made me feel even better.
3574	8.0	I was prescribed 10 mg of this medicine twice daily. After seeing no results, my doctor increased the dosage to three times daily, and it has helped a lot. Taken in conjunction with an antidepressant also helps. However, although this medicine isn't addictive, I worry about what I'm going to do if I have to stop taking it.
3575	10.0	After reading all of the comments I had to comment also. I have taken Buspar for 8 years. I have noticed a lot of weight gain, which I thought was from this medicine. I have not seen that in anyone's comment. So I am now thinking it is my lifestyle. I do get dizzy so I have to lay down for 30 minutes after every dose. I am supposed to take 1/2 pill twice a day but laying down is not an option for me on most days so I skip a dose or two. Sometimes I do not take it for weeks. I do notice when I take it for a few days like I should that when I miss a dose I am even more agitated/aggravated/anxious and as one said looking for the bad that is around the corner. Thank you all for helping me decide to finally take this as I am supposed to.
3576	1.0	Hallucinated, would laugh hysterically for no reason for an hour, then would cry for an hour. This is only after taking one pill.
3577	10.0	"I've got generalized anxiety disorder. Buspar turns off the worrying like a switch. The only downside was the first dose; 15mg was too much. I had weird side effects; if I looked at a light source, I'd feel unspeakably strange pulses of something that felt like electricity go though my body. I also got motion sick and vomited after the first dose. Luckily this only happened once.

After reducing the dose to 5mg (q.i.d.), I had no more side effects.

My advice to the uninitiated would be to start with a small dose and titrate upwards to avoid any surprises."
3578	10.0	After only 3-4 days I was immediately better. I couldn't believe it because my doctor had put me on all sorts of medicines before this one and Buspar SAVED my life! The only side effect I noticed with it was that 30 minutes after taking it I was a little dizzy but it went away after a half hour and I was finally stress free with no panic or anxiety attacks.
3579	1.0	I must be the only one on here that didn't benefit from this medication.... just got a headache and didn't help my anxiety.
3580	9.0	I have post traumatic stress disorder. Buspirone was added to my Effexor to calm me me down when I began experiencing rages.  It worked well.
3581	8.0	My doctor prescribed Buspar for anxiety.  I have been taking this for 4 weeks and I am concerned because I read from some of the comments that this is prescribed for short term use.  It really is working for me and the thought of not taking it terrifies me.
3582	10.0	"This medicine has been a lifesaver for me. After 10 years of anxiety and 2 years of being practically invalid due to generalized anxiety disorder and panic attacks with depression, I'm finally having a medicine that works. 

Neuroleptics like ketiamine just made me gain weight, Cipralex was a little help, but not really adding quality of life. After 5 days on Buspar I'm clearly better. Sleeping is in place, I'm feeling more functional and positive and my ability to go out and even exercise has come back. I have now been on this medicine over three months and every day my life gets a little bit better."
3583	1.0	I was given this drug to help with anxiety - it worked for the first week and then it stopped working. I continued to take it for one more week. I found I had 5 out of 7 of the side effects plus one they did not even mention in the paper work. I was constantly hungry and always had a burning feeling in the middle of my chest.
3584	10.0	This medication is unbelievable. After 3 days, the anxiety I have been suffering with for over 15 years disappeared. I don't feel cloudy headed or unable to function. It's as if one day I woke up and my life is stress free. I did not suffer any side effects but I am also not on any other medication. I do not drink or smoke. I was opposed to medication at first, but now I am a believer.
3585	9.0	"I have been on buspirone for about 5 days now and I already feel the effects from it.  My mind is slightly slowing down and my whole body is starting to balance out a little bit already.  Anxiety has controlled my life for years and though it's only a slight difference, I am confident because it's only been 5 days.  My only problem is that about 30 minutes after I take it, I sometimes feel a bit ""loopy"". It's not too bad and it only lasts about 20 minutes or so but overall, I'm confident that this medication will help me even more in the future."
3586	9.0	Always had negative side effects and weight gain with SSRI's. SSNRI's didn't realy do anything either.  I am not a depressive person by nature so was not really sure why my General practitioner prescribed those.  Saw a psychiatrist who was a lifesaver in recommending and prescribing Buspar for me. I am not worrying or irritable only after 3 days.  He has me on 1/2 a pill in the am and 1/2 at night and is still slowly increasing it up to an ideal dose of 30mg a day.  Thank you Buspar.
3587	1.0	I was given this in the 1980's for panic attacks and was not taking any benzodiazepines at all with it. I'm glad it has worked so well for others, but for me it was like a very bad trip. I was literally bouncing from wall to wall, couldn't walk or see clearly, even hallucinating. I had a severe reaction to it, but I am extremely sensitive to tricyclics and all SSRI's except Remeron. If you're taking it for the first time, might be good to have another person around just in case.
3588	10.0	At first I thought my doctor gave me a placebo since I am usually very sensitive to medicines and will have every side effect listed. Started with 5mg three times a day. Noticed that after a few days that my daily tension headaches were gone and my energy level had increased. After two weeks the tightness in my throat eased and palpitations were much better. 12 weeks later I feel really good, alert, much calmer, no headaches or palpitations. My energy level is wonderful, not that nervous energy (GAD sufferers know what I am talking about). I don't feel the need to nap any longer. It's quiet in my head and I love it. Will take this medicine for as long as I can. This medication takes a while to kick in, so please try to stick with it for at least 8 weeks, it's worth it.
3589	10.0	For acute anxiety this is AMAZING. Rapid racing heartbeat. Excessive sweating. Constant worrying. Over-analyzing. This medicine basically at 15MG gives you a feeling like you just drank a six pack and ate an amazing meal.  I take it with xanax and cymbalta. Buspar is the best non habit forming short term medicine to get your life back on track when life gets overwhelming.
3590	3.0	Restless legs was a main side effect for me.
3591	9.0	Prescribed BuSpar for anxiety and panic disorder.  This medicine seems to be a much better option for me than the SSRI drugs.  The side effects experienced are dizziness, tingling in the fingertips, vivid dreams and the occasional stomach ache.  Been taking 5mg, 5 times a day. I do also compliment the medicine with the occasional 0.25mg Xanax when needed.  After 3 weeks I do notice a big difference in the amounts of anxiety and a elimination of symptoms, which used to work their way to the panic stage. So far between these medicines, daily exercise, self education, and therapy I seem to be making some progress. I would recommend giving it a try.
3592	10.0	"This tiny pill has been a God send for me after years of trying different antidepressants and benzodiazepines for my GAD and occasional panic. Honestly, I had little hope that Buspar would work. My starting dose was 5mg twice a day and I stayed there. This medicine had an impact on my health from day one. A few hours after taking my first dose I noticed my ever present palpitations had ceased. By day 2 my daily headaches were 90 percent better. By the end of week one the lump in my throat was gone. Now, after 6 weeks I am calm, energized, friendly and very patient with my daughter, family and friends. I have also lost 11 pounds. My head is clear, my thoughts are 'normal' and I feel focused.
I LOVE Buspar! No side effects for me."
3593	10.0	I was put in the hospital with MRSA IN my lungs. I was really mentally frustrated and was having withdrawals from morphine. I couldn't sleep and was very ill. This medicine was the greatest thing they could have given me to help me calm down and sleep. I would recommend it, but I will say that it knocked me out cold for the night and I was groggy in the morning. But when I decided to quit taking it, I had no withdrawal symptoms.
3594	10.0	I've never had any issues with taking this medication.
3595	9.0	I have been using Buspar for severe anxiety and panic attacks for almost a year. It's amazing to find something that actually works. I do have to take it right before bed, I get extremely lightheaded and can feel my pulse throughout my body. Other than that, it does work well. I still use Klonopin when I need to, but it's not often. I'm taking 30mg before bed.
3596	9.0	I have been taking Buspirone for 6 months. Before taking it I had mood swings, hot flashes, chronic anxiety and many other symptoms. I take 10mg 4 times a day. One first thing in the morning with food and the next at lunch then after work and before bed. I feel better than I have in 4 years.  I suggest it to anyone who was in bed and unable to work due to anxiety.  I now am focused and my mind is clear. No side effects at all.
3597	10.0	Have been taking Buspar for over 10 years along with an antidepressant.  Before taking Buspar, anxiety attacks were so bad that I could not work for several years.  I take it at night and no side effects, unlike other anti-anxiety medicines.
3598	9.0	"I've been taking Buspar for two years to control the symptoms of anxiety.  Buspar has worked well for me.  I had strong physical sensations of anxiety such as a ""knot in my stomach"" and hot flushes (can't be menopause because I'm a guy).  Also Buspar helps me control my thoughts that some terrible event is just around the corner and I've got to do something to prepare for this unknown event.  I've not had any side effects."
3599	10.0	After trying to treat my anxiety and panic attacks for years with SSRIs and benzodiazepines, this finally works. I take 3 x 5 mg and started to experience a significant decrease in anxiety and compulsive thoughts, after only 4 days. So far I am happy with Buspar. No side effects whatsoever.
3600	9.0	BuSpar is a unique anxiety medication. It doesn't have the sedating effects of benzodiazepines like Klonopin and Xanax. It has improved my anxiety and I still have energy and concentration. 
3601	8.0	I have been taking it for almost a month. The Dr said it might be 2 weeks before i started feeling better but actually I felt better within 3 days. I am taking it for panic attacks and anxiety associated with a traumatic event.
3602	10.0	I have been taking Buspar for just over 8 months and I take 60-75 mg a day, depending on the day. I take for panic attacks associated with PTSD. I have had no side effects from this, but I do know when I have missed a dose, so when I do come off this I do expect a withdrawal period but for now it has helped me regain a normal life. I take this with a few other medicines such as Celexa, Wellbutrin, Trazadone and seroqeul. This really works.
3603	8.0	After reading about Buspirone, I called my doctor to see if I could try it. I am on my 3rd day and so far it has been wonderful. No bad side effects yet, maybe just a little dizziness for about 30 minutes but that's it. I am not sure yet how this will help my anxiety since I have only been on it for 3 days, but I am certainly saying some prayers that it does help.
3604	10.0	I have been taking this medicine 15mg in the morning and 15mg at night and it works great.  Never had any medical problems before then last year all of a sudden I had a panic attack and was in bed three weeks with anxiety, it scared me to death. I was in such fear I shook.  This drug took three weeks to get me OK but it's now been 19 months without anxiety I hope it works long term. I still fear another panic attack it was horrible expecially for someone who had always been healthy and happy.
3605	9.0	I have been taking Buspar for almost a week.  My doctor prescribed it for my Anxiety - mainly my constant agitation.  I must say that I have been sleeping better and I feel somewhat better.  I take Buspar 15mg - Once a day.
3606	10.0	This medicine works very well for me. I have not experienced any side affects. I have been taking this medicine for two years and I am very grateful my Doctor prescribed it.
3607	10.0	Buspar has been very effective for me in treating occasional panic attacks and generalized anxiety, without side effects I've experienced with other medications such as Paxil. Doctors have been inclined to prescribe other medications as my anxiety symptoms often occur with emotional situations (death of loved one etc.) and I am crying alot. However the emotion is a natural reaction to the situation. Anti-depressant meds affected me negatively in contrast to buspar which helps alot.
3608	8.0	"""Buspirone"" has helped me tremendously. I will never forget the shape I was in before I started taking it.
I have been taking buspirone for about two(2) years."
3609	4.0	"15 years ago my mother gave me a Kolonopin to help me out on my first plane ride and the euphoria of freedom from anxiety was instantly addicting. I soon got my own RX and over the years I was up to 4mg a day and my anxiety wasn’t improving. A very incredible psychiatrist told me it was now just harming me and my tolerance was far too high and he amazingly got me off Kolonopin to taper with Valium because of the longer half-life. I’m now down to 12mg a day (from the converted 60!) and it’s been hell. I’ve never been so anxious and  depressed. Though this is SADLY normal with tapering.
I’m working with therapists and trying to keep on a schedule of exercise and deep breathing but I fear I’ll never be able to break free from these terrible drugs that are killing me. (I also lost 80 lbs and my BMI is under 17 after the taper.) 
While I hate all benzos for what they’ve done to me, Valium is definitely the lesser of all the evils."
3610	10.0	"I average about 10 valium pills (5mg) per month.
Helps with:
1) Blood pressure spikes
2) Occasional anxiety
3) Difficultly going to sleep
4) Jetlag sleep disruption-international flights
5) Have used prior medical procedure to reduce tension &amp; anxiety
6) Can be used when wanting to reduce alcohol consumption"
3611	10.0	"Hi
I take Valium (diazapam) 1.5-2.5mg every second week for a few nights to help me sleep. My insomnia had become so bad it was effecting my memory and my work during the day and increasing my anxiety. I find it really helps me sleep well and function better during the day. Also reduces my anxiety and I don’t get side effects. My recommendations to take it less often so it works when you need it. I don’t find it addictive. It does have a long half life so it can build up in your system fast so that is something to watch."
3612	8.0	The medication I stopped for a month off a taper. And just went back on it. I was sweeting perfusely, along with social anxiety, and PTSD. It has been a god sent medication, But the only down fall is that it can have bad withdrawal symptoms!  But I was on xanax 4mg daily and Valium. The xanax withdrawal put me in the hospital but the Valium withdrawal is mild, but it is dangerous. Hope this helps someone in need of some advice!! Make sure it's only taken at the recommended dose and try too use it every couple of days not daily, otherwise you develop a tolerance.
3613	10.0	Having anxiety my whole life I never sought help and always hid it. Eventually it led to depression which I covered up too. The final nail in my coffin was when I acquired a parasitic infection in my gut l. The infection left me with permanent irritable bowel syndrome which I suffer from every day. For a year straight I seen numerous nerve pain experts and probably had 100 pill bottles in my drawer which nothing helped. My first psychiatrist started to prescribe medicines I already tried which I denied then asked for 5mg valium. Miracle drug that took all pain away, physical and mental. After 2 years decided to stop which was a devil's ride to hell. Miracle drug with insane withdrawal when stopped even tapering. Back to being miserable now.
3614	10.0	My blood pressure was 270/120 and had to work through many drugs before this one lowered my anxiety and blood pressure. At 20 mg a day usually take all at night time for sleep to. Side effects sometimes headache. Strong addiction and should be weaned off it slowly or your head will hurt non stop for a month. A nightmare to stop cold. It lasts eight times longer than Xanax or Klonopin they are two brothers not to mess with. At first you may have the sedated effect before you become more resistant to the drug. Where you get the drug also makes a difference. Some stores give the yellow tablet which melts in mouth as clean as water. Other stores have an orange tablet that tastes like paper. Walmart has the good one and some grocery but not CVS.
3615	1.0	Was previously on lorazapam and switched to Valium in February. Since then I never felt relief and suffered every day from anxiety. It didn't matter if I took 2mg or 12mg I didn't feel better and in fact I felt more anxiety. A week ago I decided to stop it cold turkey and every day since I have felt 90% better. I'm going through some withdrawal like tinnitus and night time sweats but I wake up better and have been feeling happiness. I strongly recommend staying off any benzodiazepine and if you are going to take it, only for bad panic attacks. Never take them daily as they are very addictive and quite difficult to get off of. They say that benzos are more difficult to get off of than heroin. Try Gabapentin for anxiety.
3616	8.0	"I have suffered with anxiety and severe panic attacks for many years.

It is a GODSEND. Initially anyway.

I have noticed over the years I've had to increase the dose I take (which I've never taken daily).

5mg of diazepam  (Valium) never did much for me. But 7.5mg used to have a perfect effect. These days I need 15mg for that same affect. 

Its a shame. And I thought I wasn't abusing it because I didn't take it daily. (Generally 2 or 3 times a week, depending how I felt).

I'm still giving it a high rating for the many times its helped me.  

But even taking it as PRN has eventually caught up on me. If I don't take it for several days I start feeling sick. 

Devastated to lose a medication that can work so well."
3617	1.0	I used to be on Klonopin for years and I think it helped but I'm not sure since I was also on Paxil. It came to a point where neither were working for me even at higher dosages so I started taking Ativan. This really helped my anxiety but it would come back every morning. Eventually I hit tolerance and had to increase it. Eventually I hit tolerance again and I found myself feeling more anxious than ever. I decided it was time to get off. The doctor put me on Valium because it's easier to taper off than any other benzo. He suggested I could take anywhere from 4mg to 10mg per day. I slowly tapered down to 1.5mg but I was miserable.  I reinstated and went back up to 6mg and have also tried 10mg and it has never worked for me. Stay away from it
3618	10.0	I take Valium 2mg PRN for panic attacks. I was nervous about using it. I also had this warped idea that I would be labeled a pill head for taking a drug like Valium. I can honestly say that Valium is a life saver. The first time I took it all I could think about was how I regretted not taking it sooner. I can actually live my life now. You have to be careful though. It is very easy to build a tolerance to it. Use the lowest amount you need, because You would be surprised how much of a difference 1 mg will make. I have been trying to use it as a tool rather than a crutch. I also have ADD and Valium helps me fall asleep at night when I feel restless
3619	8.0	I have bipolar 2, generalized anxiety disorder and suffer panic attacks. I am given Valium 5mg to take 'when needed'. While I feel it works well on generalized (mild to moderate) anxiety, it's not the most effective medication to take to during acute episodes like in a panic attack. I feel the 5mg isn't enough. Also if you take it even every few days, it pretty quickly becomes less effective meaning you may have to increase the dose. I now take 10mg as needed. It's very helpful, and I find it to be very effective, but perhaps not strong enough during acute panic attacks, but in general this medication is a blessing.
3620	10.0	Suffering 16 years ago from PTSD after being told in hospital that I only had 30 mins before I would die, I was a wreck when I came home and lived in fear and terror, shortness of breath, uncontrollable shaking, extreme nausea, body aching all over, doctor and specialist visits - had every test known to the medical world, all came back normal.  Finally a friend suggested I try Zoloft and after a week I felt myself starting to feel normal again and after six months I gave it up, but since then I periodically have PTSD symptoms and 5mg of Valium (don't buy generic diazepam) on those days has been my life saver.  God bless you Pfizer Pharmaceuticals!
3621	10.0	I try not to use them often, I usually just try to put up with my anxiety because I don't want to go on antidepressants as none of them have worked for my anxiety and made my mood worse. So I find Valium when I really need it fantastic, it is quick and no side effects for me. It's a pity the doctors don't like prescribing it, people who abuse it make it hard for someone like me who really needs it in times of severe anxiety.
3622	10.0	Excellent for obsessive thinking
3623	10.0	"I've suffered social anxiety for years and just battled on. Then someone smashed into my car from behind while in traffic and I started having awful panic attacks. I didn't really know what they were at first but I was struggling badly. Eventually things calmed down but a hugely stressful life situation caused the attacks to flair up again.
I finally sought help and was prescribed 2mg diazepam, 1 - 2 Tabs for an attack. I will barely take a headache tablet I was extremely worried about using Valium. But it's absolutely amazing. Use it with caution, take as little as possible and stop and see what happens. I can take half a tablet (1mg) to completely stop panic episodes that have built up over time. Be careful and it will serve you well."
3624	10.0	I was suicidal aged 25. Anxiety and Depression. Diazepam saved my life. I started on 5mg 3 Times a day for a week cut down to 2 for a week then one at night under doctors orders. Also one Prozac in the mornings 20 mg. I felt better straight away. Don't let anyone scare you from taking Diazepam, yes they are addictive BUT my quality of life since taking it has been as a (normal) person. I really can't praise it enough as I know I wouldn't be here and living a good life without it. If the tablets help then why not take them.  Thanks for reading.
3625	10.0	I'm new to anxiety,  having to recover from leg surgerys for long periods of time without getting out of my room much, I had my first anxiety /panic attack after 8 weeks in bed. After a trip to the hospital, I was then placed on valium, many times per day at the beginning but just a few months later  I use them as needed. Maybe 2 per day. I have another surgery coming up and will be down again for only 8 weeks total. But this time I have prepared for more visitors as well as I will be mobile soon after surgery. I'm keeping my valium for now and hoping to get away from them during my physical therapy.
3626	10.0	Works fast and is best thing that I have tried for my panic attacks
3627	10.0	The last time I took it, it worked very well. It took a lot longer to kick in than xanax, but also kept working longer. It also helped with some of my chronic pain, which was nice.
3628	9.0	To anyone scared of taking this infamous drug (which I was) - you won't lose your sobriety, it just slows down your brain. This means it's great for situations where you risk creating phobia instead of familiarity (new places, new people). I'm armed with all the tools I need for knowing what my body and brain need as things happen (self-reassurance, gratitude, understanding, catching my own cogs before they turn, time out, etc) but you can't always choose when sensory overload will happen. As a pre-emptive measure this will be a useful tool for me when I know things'll be too handle even with an arsenal of knowledge to tackle the triggers.
3629	10.0	I have severe GAD since my teens but it really hit me harder in my early 20's, I had been taking generic Valium for 8 yrs then got into a psychiatrist at first he switched me over to Xanax 1mg 3X daily which works for immediate panic attacks but would wear off very quickly and I would wake up first thing in the morning with my heart racing and had to take 1, I told him this and got switched back to my original dose of Valium which lasts all day, 1 and a half 10mg in the morning and the same at night and I no longer had to wake-up first thing for my meds, and they pretty much prevent my panic attacks unlike the Xanax.I can function just fine and work with people now that I'm at the right dose and not be self conscience great medication!
3630	10.0	I'm 24, and have PTSD, bipolar and anxiety disorder. I have recently had the scariest panic attacks, 911 calls and ER visits. So bad I thought I was dying...every night. I took klonodopin and it didn't help. My doctor prescribed this today and I haven't feel this relaxed or not in fear in a long time. I'm thankful to this medication. I couldn't handle it anymore. Nothing else has helped.
3631	10.0	Thank you Valium!
3632	10.0	"I have very severe anxiety that has landed me in the ER plenty of times before I was diagnosed with being in an ""Anxiety State"". My first medication was Ativan and I loved it but they switched me to 5mg Valium. I can function more on Valium. I take 1 during an attack and I'm calm for 5-6 days. I get very relaxed and I sleep great! So far I really like it. It says No Refills on my bottle so after I go through the 19 pills I have left idk what they'll have me take. So I'm with a  therapist for now that I meet with once a week for now."
3633	2.0	I took Valium for almost 3 years and it helped my anxiety. I started on 5mg three times a day then that increased to 4 times a day. I started waking in the early morning thinking I had bad pills because they weren't working. I found out I was in tolerance and started having tolerance withdrawal. It's very hard to come off. I tried to stop cold turkey and on day 3 it felt like I had been shocked with a cattle prod. I went back to 15 mg and started a slow taper.  Added remeron for sleep while tapering. I would steer clear from benzos and find something else for anxiety, these should not be taken for long periods of time.It make your world a better place to be and forget life's problems for a short time but you will face consequences later.
3634	10.0	I was first prescribed Valium about 18 months ago to assist with combating panic disorder. My personal experience with generic brands of the drug have been, without a doubt, excellent. I believe my improvements are due to the combination of Valium, regular CBT therapy, and making consistent changes (ie pushing myself socially, improving diet and exercise). Many of us, can become overly reliant on medication, so I feel a holistic approach is needed for real, long term results. However, for moderate to severe anxiety/panic attacks, Valium is INCREDIBLE. Gives a true, gradual calming effect, with no grogginess or next-day hangover. The effect can only be described as feeling clear-headed. Definitely worth a try.
3635	10.0	It's early days for me taking Valium but I have noticed a general sense of well being. I think that if you REALLY need this drug then it's a blessing. I was suffering from post operative depression and long term anxiety issues. I don't feel like I'm zoned out or in some kind of vegetative state. I'm functionally normally but with a greater sense of calmness. Before taking Valium it was like I had a million things bouncing around in my head or like I was in a sweet shop with a mind racing around as to what lollies I wanted. I have heard negative things about Valium but I am convinced that if you genuinely need this drug then it's a wonderful thing. I give it the thumbs up.
3636	10.0	Amazing drug for anxiety. I don't find it addictive. Just great!
3637	10.0	Even before I got fired valium kept me calm and stress free. You don't have to take to many for them to work. You can skip days and still feel the same affect.
3638	10.0	I've been on valium for about 6 months now and have severe social anxiety and separation anxiety. But it definitely helps. Allows me to not feel as claustrophobic and not to get as shaky or frozen in anxiety producing situations. If I have an anxiety attack or feel like I'm going to have one then I will take a valium and it helps me get through the day.
3639	10.0	I can't eat or be around a lot of people with out it or zannex. Zannex is good but doesn't last as long. My Mom even said while I was on diazepam, it's good to see a smile on your face:-)! It may may make you feel kind of goofy for a couple days but after that it just helps. The sedation subsides as well. A very tolerable medication that really does help. Trust me!
3640	10.0	I am a newbie to Valium. Just took my first dose today, 10 mg. The doctor prescribed it for the acute anxiety attacks I have once in a while. I have generalized anxiety disorder mixed with bipolar disorder. I take Pristiq for the anxiety and it has helped but it doesn't cover everything. When I'm anxious I cannot go outside and become bedridden. I am also on 70mg of Vyvanse for ADD and it took the doctor some time to be convinced of the benefits of taking a benzo. You know, the whole upper/downer concern. I took my Valium in the evening when the Vyvanse was wearing off. It worked wonders. It kicked in 15 minutes upon taking it. the only side effect is that I feel a little wobbly when standing. But the fact that I am calm makes up for it
3641	10.0	"Date: 07-08-2016...Re Valium: I have been taking Valium for the past three years as I suffer from Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I very seldom take Valium. Like, 4 mg a week or 4 mg twice a week or I can go a month without taking it.  It is very subtle, it will start working after 20 minutes which has been my experience.  Valium does melt my anxiety and panicky feelings away even at 4 mg. After taking it, I would feel like my old self.  I tried to score it by 2 mg; however, it is not effective.  I think those who try it the first time should go 4 mg or 5 mg. I am also taking an SSRI for my anxiety condition.  SSRI is not perfect. 
Some days are tough so I tough it out by not taking a Valium. If you don't abuse it, you can take it for life."
3642	10.0	I've tried all the benzos to treat my panic attacks, and this one I chose to settle on. It's the most mild on my system. The effects are subtle, but they successfully address the anxiety without making me too tired. I try not too take more than 2 10mg pills per week. I also take 200mg Lamictal and 20mg Prozac, which lessened the instances of panic.
3643	10.0	"I have a very positive experience with Valium. I'm taking it 8 years now, only as needed. This medication allows my to relax and socialize.  But...""God over everything"" is my motto."
3644	10.0	My doctor will not prescribe medicine for my panic attacks.  I have depression and when I have a panic attack have trouble breathing.  Doctors will not prescribe valium for these attacks because he says they are addictive.  This is crazy.  I am not a drug addict and need something to help me thru these attacks.  What to do.  Maybe a little lead to the head would take care of these attacks.
3645	8.0	I current take this medication to stay calm. I have bad anxiety due to some ptsd related issues.  I've tried em all from Ativan-Xanax, and this medication works well. I currently take a generic brand. The brand is TEVA. I did not like the Mylan brand, for it was chalky and was weak. TEVA is a great generic Valium and it helps very well for people struggling from anxiety disorder. I hope this helps somebody.
3646	1.0	"Used for 17yrs, worked well at first but needed increased doses as I became tolerant,held the same dose for past 7 yrs then suddenly became acutely anxious and agoraphobic dose was increased again but only result was awful unsteadiness on my feet.

Finally was told that some people get withdrawal symptoms even whilst taking the same dose and it seems that is the problem I have,never been this ill in my life and now i face having to taper off it which scares me, my experience and opinion is it was fine short term but long term caused me more problems than it ever solved."
3647	9.0	"Increased quality of my life after trying several antidepressants (did
nothing helpful at all!). Side effects made matters worse despite doing nothing for my chronic anxiety due to bouts of cancer."
3648	10.0	I love this medication and it frustrates me that it is shunned upon so heavily by most doctors and mental health practitioners. Its true the withdrawals can be incredibly bad but if not abused, this medication is a god send for those with anxiety. I have strong mood issues and while I try to meditate / exercise / eat small regular meals / keep busy and be active etc. which helps most days, sometimes it just doesn't cut it when I'm having a extreme anxiety and just need to relax. I was prescribed 5mg for travel (panic attacks flying) but I cut that in 1/4 and just take 1.25mg occasionally here and there when I need it. That's all you need and I find it does the job amazingly.
3649	10.0	I had pain in my stomach no one could diagnose for three months. I was put on SSRI that made me worse an I lost 35 pounds with no appetite. Pain one day released and I became extremely anxious . by taking a small dose of Valium in the am and pm I am so much better also was given Dr Claire Weeks book which helped. I never thought I would recover hang in there.
3650	10.0	I was given this for GAD, 5mg twice daily.  It works great for anxiety and for sleep.  I'm authorized 15mg daily but normally I take 10 as described above.  Before this I tried lie 20 different medications and they all gave me several side effects until the Doc gave me this one. Mild muscle relaxer which I also need, god for sleep and awake on day time when  need to be awake and alert.  Sure, if I lay back on day time after taking the pill I can easily take a nice nap. ;-)
3651	10.0	I have been on diazepam long term,  started because of PTSD.  It is a mild sedative if I'm relaxing I'll get tired, if I'm working I don't get tired I just feel no negative feelings.  It really is a chill pill.  I am in construction field now and no issues and if I take one before going to bed my back pain  soothes (Valium is mild muscle relaxer) and I always seem to have pleasant dreams.  Never had a bad dream since on Valium, but at the same time it isn't luxurious or fantasy dreams either.  It has been a miracle drug for me.  I do not like how doctors now like to avoid benzos.  Valium is a great medicine.  I take 30mg per day generic brand.  Hope this helps someone.
3652	10.0	I have tried a lot of different anti- anxiety meds and Valium is the only one that actually works for me and I don't get nasty side effects with.
3653	10.0	i've tried everything for panic attacks and depersonalization so far. i don't like ssri's they make me feel like a zombie. i don't really have any side effects which is very rare as i'm sensetive to a lot of drugs/food anything you name it. I do find sometimes the day after i'm still tired and a bit depressed. I have 4mg+ if i'm having a panic attack it seems to help quite a lot. i take 2mg if i'm going to a party or a new place and take more if i need to. i'm going to try propanolol next i heard it's great too.
3654	10.0	I have had very bad anxiety since I was in  my teens. Tried all sorts of other tablets nothing worked for me. I couldn't  leave the house, no girlfriends. Then I was put on valium  (diazepam). I take 10mg in the morning and 10mg at night and have done for 24 years. Changed my life. Got a great job, married, 2 kids, never took more than I was given. The doctor's tried to get me off it, I tried to come off it but went back into my head,fear off going to work, fear off going out. So went back on diazepam and was able to work, be a husband, Father. This drug saved my life. It makes me so mad because off dope heads selling it and given it a bad name. The  only thing is make sure you stick to your dose, and never just stop taken it.
3655	9.0	I took Valium for nearly 20 yrs for anxiety and functioned just great. My Dr retired and I had to find another. He is weening me off, now down to 2.5mg twice a day. I am miserable ! I'm stuck in my home, can't sleep, and my heart and stomach are going wild. I don't know how much more of this I can stand ! I feel I'm going to have a heart attack, I've lost so much weight I look terrible. And my Dr doesn't seem to notice or even care. He says he cannot be writing for it. I am not a dope head. I am a 53 yr old grandma who needs help. My children worry about me all the time. What is a person to do ?? Go to the street ?? I don't know that kinda life and don't want to. I can't afford a psychiatrist, just a Dr that cares !
3656	10.0	I am male age 65 years old. My nurse practitioner is trying to wean me off Valium after taking it ( 5 mgs) since I was 23..that's 43 years. It has been doing it's job for me. It gave me back my life.  I have extreme anxiety disorders. My original physician gave me no hassle. He died, and I had to get a new Doctor. Things were fine until this past year when out of the blue she recommended me getting off the drug. I never abused it, but she is adamant about it. So, I am trying..truly am. It's not going too well. I am wondering if I should find a new Dr. and take my records there.  I think my age has something to do with it, but getting off it is almost a nightmare. Does anyone have any suggestions?? I really would like some feedback from others.
3657	10.0	I don't like medication in general but this one got me thru work ,divorced single parent of 2 children. No side affects, very qualified professional work. Then I became wheelchair disabled on the job, I was ripped off by family of 96,000 dollars during a 2yr hospitalization. With corticosteroids I resumed the 5mg valium which helped.  For me I only need 1 a day although prescribed 4, so they last me 6 mos to a year. IM LUCKY for I don't like to feel dopey just normal. If I've gotten into an insomnia state for a stressful situation with my autoimmune condition is the only time I'd taken 2 to sleep if tylenol pm didn't work. 
3658	10.0	I'm 21 years old and have terrible Social Anxiety, Hypochondria, GAD, and Night Terrors. I've tried Xanax, Klonopin, and Ativan for my anxiety. Xanax didn't last long enough, Klonopin gave me moodiness, and Ativan did nothing. My doctor gives me Diazepam (Valium) 5 mg/four times a day and it's a MIRACLE. I can't tell you how tremendously Valium has improved my life. I'm constantly mellow now, can think straight, and sleep restfully at night. The effects also last all day and keep me anxiety-free. Valium has definitely given me my life back!
3659	8.0	My disclaimer is: Valium is highly effective in treating stress and anxiety reactions. It has a wide therapeutic index. It is sometimes overly affective thus why people abuse it. If you do; I can promise the effects will be life damaging. When taken responsibly (usually a few times a week as needed) it is safe &amp; a godsend for those crippled with anxiety. I had no side effects.
3660	10.0	"I've suffered from debilitating headaches always beginning in my lower neck from tension. Often these headaches about twice a month would morph into full blown migraines lasting 1 to 2 days. 5mg of Valium relaxes my neck muscles with an aspirin and I'm good to go and have my life back.
The migraine meds caused terrible side effects."
3661	9.0	My experience with this drug has been overwhelmingly positive. I suffer from panic attacks, as well as agoraphobia, and despite having been on Valium for many years now, it has retained its efficacy and it has greatly enhance the quality of my life. Frankly, I do not know what I would do without it. Yes, yes, yes, I am all too well aware of the numerous warnings and tales of woe which have accompanied usage of this drug by other individuals less fortunate than myself, but I can only speak to what this drug has done for MY life. I am now 51 years old, and have taken this drug on and off for most of my adult life, starting when I was 18 years old. I become angry when I read proposals to limit prescription of this drug to psychiatrists....
3662	9.0	After taking Chantix for smoking cessation I fell into a spiral of severe dèpression. I didn't feel like leaving my home other than going to work  I gained 25 pounds and felt my life was hopeless   I had always felt like an extrovert trapped in an intraverts body. I stumbled upon  Valium when my husband gave me one for muscle cramps. The effects were amazing!  I no longer felt trapped in I my prison of isolation and misery. A word of caution though: this drug is addictive and should be taken in small amounts and withdrawal should be done slowly and under medical supervision. It is a shame Valium has such a bad rap
3663	10.0	I have fibro and stenosis and take cymbalta, flexeril, elavil and a few others. My Dr said I have adjustment disorder and sent me to a psychiatrist. He prescribed 5 mg twice a day and 10 mg at bedtime and it's worked wonders. I'm sleeping 7 to 8 hours a night for the first time in over five years. My mind and body feel relaxed. I'm so thankful that I saw this Dr, this med has been the only thing that's helped me.
3664	10.0	I used to be on valium back in the 90s when it was easier to get for panic attacks and ptsd and when the narcotics laws changed I got off of them because my family doctor wouldn't give them to me. Panic attacks started happening again when I have a thyroid disorder. Now I'm seeing a psychiatrist to get them again and they have given me part of my life back. Before seeing psychiatrist my Dr tried me on multiple different ssri and none of them work. And ssri drugs have me ED. Valium has only 1 side effect to me and that is just being drowsy for an hour or so. Valium is a life saver.
3665	10.0	I started having major panic attacks and general anxiety cuased by the bereavement of my daughter who dies unexpectedly a few months ago. I would wake up int he morning with butterflies in my stomach and feeling like a deer in the headlights. As the day progressed it only got worse. After weeks of this it was just unbearable. I went to see a psychiatrist who prescribed valium- the lowest dose. I take half a pill in the morning and evening and have been on this regimen for two weeks. I cannot begin to tell you what a tremendous relief this drug has provided. I am very sensitive to all kinds of meds and the strongest thing I ever take is Ibuprofen. I had no bad reactions nor any side effects. Awesome.
3666	6.0	I have been taking valium for 15 years for sleep and anxiety 15-30mg.  This drug has worked good through the years but I have begun to notice memory and balance issues so I decided to get off of it. The first time I quickly tapered and one night I awoke to a racing heart beat, tremors, &amp; an intense feeling like my head, face, &amp; back were on fire. I had to go back on because of this. Now I'm doing a slow taper so far have gone from 15mg to 7.5mg over 4 months. Going from 15-10mg was easy but going under 10mg has been very difficult at times. For years I was very much positive about this drug but I do not think you should take it for more than a month unless you just have to have it. Just be careful withdrawals can kill.
3667	10.0	Take 7.5mg twice a day and it prevents my anxiety from getting out of control and stops my frequent panic attacks. The only medication that has worked for me so far. Hopefully my doctor will be ok with this medication long term and not going back to trying SSRI after SSRI.
3668	10.0	Other than drowsiness for about 45 minutes after taking it,  great medicine!  Works in like 10 minutes,  so if I feel a panic attack coming on I take my dosage and before I know it I'm calm.  It enables me to go into mass public places and can go into crowded restaurants with my family.  Valium has given me a huge part of my life back.  I know most doctors are against it because dope heads have abused this type of drug.  You can only get it from a psychiatrist now but it saved my social life so I see the shrink monthly!  Thanks valium
3669	10.0	"I have been taking Valium every day for 5 years for anxiety and muscle spasms. Good to kill 2 birds with one stone.

I take a relatively microscopic dose of 2.5mg/day, and after 5 years, I have probably built up a tolerance to it so that this tiny dose has no physiological effect any more. But even if I'm now getting the placebo effect from it, I don't care. I don't have panic attacks any more and that's all I really care about."
3670	10.0	Two years ago, I couldn't sleep, my doctor gave me all type of sleep meds, nothing worked. The only med works is this. I take 5mg every night on and off for 2 years. No side effect.
3671	8.0	mild-moderate anxiolytic effect but Long lasting. Definite calming effect and sense of tranquility. I weened off of 5mg of Xanax with this wonderful drug and had virtually no withdrawal. Makes me feel level headed and at peace when I start to stress
3672	10.0	Great all around benzodiazepine!  Lasts long and is generally mild but does the job!
3673	10.0	This is the ONLY medicine in the benzodiazepine family that is useful to me for BOTH panic attacks AND sleep! Great results.
3674	1.0	"I was given a sample pack, but it has the opposite effects for me, as I had an increase in fear of danger, and worrying, I was extremely focused, and unable to sleep. My doctor has had me test a few anti anxiety meds Ativan, antidepressants, and the only one that works for me is Xanax at a low dose.
I would make sure you consult your doctor first on this one."
3675	8.0	Recently began suffering generalized anxiety disorder, took me to the point of suicide, prescribed diazepam. The 1st time I took it I felt aggressive and annoyed easily however after a few days I can safely say it has greatly reduced my anxiety for now however my doctor has said he will not let me stay on it due to the bodies ability to easily resist the medicine over time requiring greater doses etc.  Desperately do not want to try antidepressants again (due to a previous severe reaction). We shall see.
3676	9.0	I have major depressive disorder, post traumatic stress disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, and anxiety.  I take two antidepressants and Buspar and Valium for anxiety.  I have begun taking 10 mg of Valium several times a day and it helps calm my million mile an hour brain.  I wish I didn't have to take so much medication but to live a normal daily life, they are necessary.
3677	9.0	I had ended up in the ER a few times with weird problems like not being able to catch my breath and hyperventilating before I even new they were panic attacks. They started me on Ativan but it made me so hyper and loopy I literately forgot a few days so when I was put on Valium it was a God send. It prevents and treats panic attacks without the loopy feeling and It doesn't affect my ability to perform daily activities so I'd recommend it to anyone seeking this type of help.
3678	7.0	This is a wonderful medicine for anxiety it works within 20 mins and lasts for a long time because of its long half life. However if you are suffering from depression, especially clinical depression I would not recommend taking this. It will worsen your depression symptoms if taken too often. If you started an SSRI antidepressant it can be used early on to help with some side effects like increased anxiety in the first few weeks on the medication.
3679	10.0	I've been on just about every benzodiazapine there is and Valium (diazepam) is all around the best for combating debilitating anxiety symptoms.  It may not be the most potent benzo, but it has wide and equal benzo effects including sedation, muscle relaxation, anxiolytic, anticonvulsant and can be used for insomnia.  Now the main reason why Valium is the best is its extra long half life.  It's effects can linger for days which is helpful if you have chronic anxiety.  It also prevents those ups and downs short acting benzos cause like Xanax and Ativan.  Another thing to note is withdrawal from Valium is by far the most mild out of ALL the benzos.  This wonderful medication is an oldie but goodie.
3680	10.0	Been taking diazepam for a while now, its been helping my everyday life. Since Valium, I've been more upbeat with reality. Only side effect I have is drowsiness. 
3681	10.0	I am taking 2mg three times a day for anxiety. The anxiety is much better now and I can go places without having panic attacks. I feel the best I have felt in a long time.
3682	10.0	Used it for 12 years and it was a life saver great medicine.
3683	10.0	Valium has been a lifesaver for me, I probably wouldn't be here without it. I suffer from severe anxiety, panic disorder and clinical depression. This has got me through some very bad times when I thought I was dying and couldn't cope. I take 10mg during bad spells and it gets me through.
3684	10.0	It really relieves my anxiety.
3685	10.0	All of my life I've had varying levels of social anxiety &amp; agoraphobia, usually without any logical cause. Even riding in cars made me unduly nervous. I had a rough, fear-filled childhood and that seemed to set me up for chronic nervousness. But there's no room for that in adult life. Valium eliminates the unnecessary anxiety &amp; also helps with muscle spasms from my fibromyalgia. I don't get fatigue from this during the day. I do find that taking one before bed helps me relax my 100-miles-per-hour brain (stupid racing thoughts &amp; worries) plus my muscles don't get all kinked up in knots while I'm sleeping. I've never needed to increase my dose on it even after several years, since it works as well as the day I started it, personally.
3686	10.0	Very effective against anxiety possibly the best.
3687	10.0	I'm 36, have social anxiety, GAD, TMJ, fibromyalgia, muscle spasms, cluster headaches, &amp; herniated vertebrae.  I've taken everything, including 12 years on a high dose of Xanax. After finally convincing a doc to prescribe me Valium, I felt like a different person. It kicks in FAST, but Its long half-life prevents that awful anxiety rebound effect. I find that Valium has a powerful (yet feels gentle) calmative effect on the body as well- which is absolutely wonderful when my muscles &amp; joints are tight. Valium is hands down the best benzo anti-anxiety medication out there.
3688	8.0	"I began taking Valium from doctors in 1968 or 1969 when I was in the Vietnam War and experienced a great deal of combat which affected me very much. It helped.

I have been taking Valium for decades. It increases irritability greatly probably because of head wounds that caused brain damage. 1000 to 1200mg Carbamazepine stops or reduces the irritability.  Unfortunately, the combination of the two medicines causes tiredness."
3689	10.0	I have benign recurrent vertigo and migraine-associated vertigo. Both are a source of extreme anxiety for me, and that anxiety makes the spinning worse. Valium (2.5mg as needed) calms the anxiety within 15 or so minutes, and the vertigo tends to leave soon afterwards. I have had no side effects, save for being very hungry the day after I take it. It gave me my life back.
3690	10.0	"When I returned from my second tour in Vietnam in 1971, I was a ""mess"" mentally.  My diagnosis was/is Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  After trying various medicines, my psychiatrist settled on 10MG Valium three times a day.  Although certain circumstances will still make me anxious, they are limited and my normal life is fine.  Has worked for 41 years! Thank you Valium!"
3691	10.0	Life Saviour when it comes to severe anxiety and panic attacks.
3692	10.0	This is the best anti-anxiety medicine there is.  It doesn't leave you with more anxiety if you don't take your next dose due to the long half life.  Xanax and Ativan for example have short half lives so you feel terrible in a few hours.  Stick to good old fashioned Valium for Anxiety.
3693	9.0	When I finally got a doctor to prescribe Valium it was a life changing start. I always had social anxiety and was very introverted. After being on Valium I quickly moved up in my company because I could interact and socialize with no fears or anxiety. After a few years I was in charge of up to 50 workers and always got good feedback from customers, and professionals related to our work and was able to focus and enjoy dealing with many different personalities. The only problem was getting very sleepy while driving. 
3694	10.0	Years ago they did not have Xanax. I had panic attacks and this medicine saved me from losing my job for fear of driving! IT was my salvation from the terrible panic attacks!
3695	9.0	This was the only thing that gave me some pain relief from severe irritable bowel syndrome, triggered/made worse from anxiety. Thank God for Valium. Only lasted about 3 hrs, but was a low dose of 2mg. Only a small supply was given to me as a short term solution, but I'm so glad I'm finally getting the relief from the anxiety and pain.
3696	9.0	"Valium worked wonders for me when I realized that my anxiety had been making me a shut-in with a low quality of life. Aside from developing an insatiable appetite at first, it seemed like a miracle. Example: I took a Valium before flying and could not find my luggage in baggage claim. Previously, I would have been shaking, crying and sweating. Instead, I confidently walked over to customer service and learned that my bag will come when the next flight arrives. Self-inflicted meltdown averted.

It's long half-life, however, can be a blessing and bad. It lasts practically all day, but that also means it makes me a bit drowsy and lazy all day as well."
3697	10.0	Valium makes me Stutter about 80% less! Wonderful medicine if taken the right way. I can be normal like everybody else, don't know what I would do without it.
3698	10.0	Use of this medicine is to very effective in treating the illnesses for which it is prescribed.  They will also admit that it is an extremely safe medicine to use. Valium when used by me, sporadically, as needed, effectively treats my anxiety episodes, which untreated would probably lead to ulcers.
3699	10.0	It helps me get to sleep without thinking all night long.
3700	8.0	I've been taking Valium for two years now and really found it a lifesaver. I left my parents house and had to keep my old doctor (50 miles away) as I'm afraid if I join a new surgery they will want to pressurize me to come off my it, as I also receive 20 mg of temazepam to help sleep as well. I find most doctors very unwilling to prescribe benzo's.
3701	10.0	"The best anxiety medicine I have taken and I have taken them all. Works very fast, about 20 minutes and keeps working. Also for me it is basically non-addictive. I can take it when I like and then stop for long periods if I want to. In fact I used Valium to get off Klonopin which was a nightmare to get off until Valium was substituted.
"
3702	6.0	I was given a short course of valium 4x 2mg a day for 5 days. I needed a slight relaxant, as I was going through opiate withdrawals through no fault of my own. It seemed to work pretty okay, but I think for panic attacks and anxiety I would say you need a minimum of 5mg, as I don't think 2mg was enough to take the edge off it. A great medicine though.
3703	8.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder and I only take Valium as needed. When I am going to do something that will make me particularly anxious (e.g. a date with a girl) I take 3mg. It helps me to be myself.
3704	10.0	I'm only 15 years old, but I've been suffering from anxiety to the point of near-suicide, and Valium has saved my life more than once. I currently take Cymbalta daily, and Valium whenever I need it (roughly 5 times per week) , and I have now been able to return to living a normal life. (I had to quit school for a little while). I would recommend this medicine to absolutely ANYONE who suffers from frequent anxiety, it may permit a better lifestyle.
3705	10.0	Before I had all kinds of problem like stomach aches and I was scared of everything and I lost 45 pounds. I have been taking Valium for about 10 months and I have gained almost all my weight back and I have no more problems at all.
3706	10.0	After having such severe anxiety to the point of being suicidal, I have with the help of Valium been able to function again. Valium has saved my life.
3707	10.0	Works great just works slowly.
3708	10.0	I have been on 10mg of Valium 3 times a day since 1998 and have had very good luck with it. I have tried other medicines but everything else seems to not work as well. Don't no what I would do if I didn't have it. I work 6 and 7 days a week. It doesn't affect that at all. I'm a lot calmer when I use it and still full of energy. 
3709	9.0	Works well without any side effects.
3710	10.0	Helped more than any other anxiety medicine.
3711	10.0	I have tried to get Valium prescribed by the Everett clinic for anxiety and sleep. I found it very helpful for anxiety and it made me feel normal. I was able to think straight and act normal. 
3712	10.0	"Unlike some benzodiazepines like lorazepam, which is short acting, Valium is much better for those with social anxiety instead of once in awhile panic attacks. Valium is in the system for longer. Lasting effects are often desired as the medication will not need to be taken as often. This fact has been great for people who greatly fear addiction and overdose as a result of short acting benzodiazepines.

I personally, was previously on Lorazepam for serious anxiety. Even though I was on in for several months, addiction or overdose was never a problem for me. However, I don't like taking pills generally, especially very often. Out of safety and convenience I was placed on Valium. It works much better for me."
3713	10.0	I have suffered from anxiety, muscle spasms, nightmares, tremors, restless legs and mood swings. I have taken 5 mg of Valium, sometimes 10mg on and off since an extremely stressful, nightmare of a divorce my ex dragged on for 3 years.  My attorney suggested Valium, and my regular Doctor had no trouble prescribing this.  30 tablets will often last 3 months - I've had refills expire, as I only take as needed (since 1995).  This medication has been a life saver for me and when I had PMDD (when it was just BAD PMS-in the '90's) I have taken Xanax in the past, and the forgetfulness was unbearable/couldn't drive, withdrawal was immediate and awful.  No problem with Valium!  My pain dr &amp; regular dr won't prescribe Valium  to anyone anymore-long half life? Ativan,buspar didn't help at all.
3714	8.0	Since I was put on 10mg =Valium 3x a day it has helped me get through work so much easier and takes away the anxiety and makes it all go away.  Currently I've been tapering and I'm now down to 0.5mg x2 a day.  I never thought I could wean off that easy but I'm doing just fine.  Nuvigil and Valium have changed my life completely!  I also take 15- Seroquel XR and Mirtazapine to help me sleep at night.  There's nothing like having a good feeling hard working day, then coming home to a hot shower and putting all my stress aside to just relax.  Valium has helped me do this, A LOT better than Ativan did.
3715	10.0	Have been taking 10mg three times a day, mostly when anxious and panicky for 6 yrs. No side effects.
3716	7.0	Valium is a somewhat helpful, it takes my racing thoughts down to where I can handle them and also useful for sleep but I need something stronger for my insomnia.
3717	1.0	I was given 5 mg to take the night before a dental visit as I have severe anxiety and 5 mg to take an hour before the appt. I took the 5 mg of Valium in place of my Xanax and within 4 hours was throwing up and having the worst panic attacks. Had to call my doctor for Phenergan to stop the vomiting.
3718	5.0	I struggle with the choice of Clonazepam, or Diazepam. I can feel the difference between the two. Valium is a much calmer drug.
3719	10.0	I've found that for my sleep problems after trying many and all sleep aids this has had the least amount of side effects and I wake up felling great, not sluggish or with a hangover sensation. 10mg dose has worked wonders with my racing thoughts keeping me awake and to provide a relaxed feeling for a great night's sleep.
3720	10.0	I like this medication for anxiety but sometimes it makes me mean.  I don't know if anyone else experienced this however, I highly recommend this drug for anxiety over any of the other benzodiazapines.
3721	10.0	I like this for anxiety.
3722	9.0	I have tried everything for my anxiety and depression including Klonopin, Xanax, Ativan. I did think Ativan did work for me but never did get it permanently but Valium has been pretty good with me so far.
3723	10.0	I have been taking two (one in the morning and one at night) 5mg Valium for the last five years.  It has worked wonders for me. I have not changed the dosage and have had no reason to increase it. Before I started this medicine, I would literally tremble when I would get nervous.  I don't even feel it in any way when I take it, but don't get anxious and am able to make decisions that I can't when I'm so nervous.  This medicine has worked miracles for me and if anyone thinks because it is a controlled substance that it is not a really good medicine for some people then they are wrong.
3724	10.0	I have been taking Valium for 6 years. It's the best anxiety medicine I've used and I've tried a bunch. I take 4 x 10mg tablets a day. I don't know what I would do without it.
3725	8.0	A doctor prescribed this for hypertension, based upon his premise that mine was caused by anxiety. That was almost 40 years ago. After arguing back and forth, I agreed to take it on a limited basis. Now I use 2 mg, 4 times a day as needed, but only before lying down and never when I will be driving or need to otherwise be alert. It is a great help when I do get overly anxious, as I am prone to do. I consider it useless if I am up and about.
3726	8.0	It is a reasonably good drug and it has helped me a bit so far. 
3727	9.0	It keeps me very sane.
3728	10.0	Whether coming home from a hard days work or worrying about the next job, Valium 10mg has been a wonder drug for me. It calms me down and allows me to think straight.
3729	10.0	I take 2 to 6 in the evening to settle down and be able to watch some T.V with my husband. I have been diagnosed with high blood pressure, which I take two kinds of medicines to keep under 140/82.
3730	8.0	I am a very nervous person and would get very emotional after surgery, but if was given Valium before surgery I would wake up very relaxed.
3731	10.0	Valium has really helped me. It has made a difference in my life. I'm 24, I went from being violent and having anxiety after anxiety attack but since being prescribed valium it has worked wonders.
3732	10.0	Took the edge off.
3733	10.0	Works very effectively. 
3734	10.0	"I had panic attacks and I've always had pretty high levels of anxiety, but since I got put on valium I have not had one attack or even felt like I was stressed.  I also stopped biting my fingernails down to the nub!  A happy side effect was that I was told by my doctor to take it if my back started to hurt (because of my scoliosis) and since I started doing that my back has not ""gone out"" like it did SO much before!"
3735	10.0	"I used to get severe panic attacks quite often. I started taking 10mg of Valium three times daily as prescribed by my psychiatrist, and after a year my dose has decreased to 5mg and I have never had another panic attack. Anxiety attack(or panic attacks) are very scary. I had made many trips to the emergency room thinking I was having a heart attack. I had symptoms like sweating, tingling in arms and legs, cold chills in face and a rapid heartbeat, feeling of hysteria, and wishing I would just die and get it over with.
Valium saved my life. It is very effective, and I am greatful it works."
3736	10.0	Really helped get my panic attacks under control changed my life hardly any side effects.
3737	9.0	Helped greatly with my anxiety - also helped with my depresstion. I took them for several months and when I stopped suddenly I experienced slight irritability but no other withdrawl symptoms. I did however gain a lot a weight while taking them.
3738	9.0	Very wonderful drug for those that suffer from anxiety and panic attacks.  Like Ativan, it has less of a moody after effect such as Klonapin and Xanax.
3739	10.0	I have extreme OCD and in January when I was relapsing because I stopped my meds cold turkey, I was able to not have any panic attacks because of the Vistaril. I took 100 mg and it took me from being extremely anxious to mildly or moderately anxious. It worked for 4 hours. It did make my memory foggy, but I like it because it’s worked better for me than any benzo. I like it and I strongly recommend it to anyone. Now that my anxiety is under better control because of my new meds, I notice a smaller effect from it. It helps me when I eat too much sugar and my anxiety spikes, to prevent anxiety attacks. I love it!
3740	1.0	Both my daughter &amp; I were prescribed this for anxiety. Waste of time. Just a glorified antihistamine.
3741	1.0	Used mainly for anxiety, then allergies. Using 2 months started 1 tab 10 mg daily. At first seemed ok but then a few weeks in I noticed blood sugar coming down. I began 2 tabs a day and head felt spacey, and began to lose my voice.  I felt like I was losing my balance and felt weak. Went back to one tab daily but voice not back it's been a week. Have high blood pressure and diabetic and I can tell I'm getting a bad reaction. Now my insomnia is back. I'll stop it completely because it's not helping me. Dr originally prescribed 10 mg 3 times daily. I'd be passed out on the floor if I took that much. Very bad for me.
3742	8.0	I get loopy from this medication. I use it for panic attacks and after about 15-30 minutes you can start to feel it. It works great. Makes it impossible to focus though and makes me feel kinda high. Not in a bad way though and I've not had a problem with it yet.
3743	9.0	I like vistaril. I'm on a myriad of other drugs. I find it funny when people say it is prescription Benadryl. One Benadryl puts me out. If you re looking for the same effect as a benzo... keep moving. It takes the edge off. I do not take it PRN. I take it daily. You just feel relaxed and care less about your problems. I take 100mg 2 Daily. I hope it helps.
3744	2.0	Makes me tired so I’m more anxious I won’t get jobs done that must be done. Racing thoughts still. Still panicking but just too tired to fuss :/
3745	8.0	I’ve been on 50mg of hydroxyzine for about two years now. I have a very severe panic disorder and I take them as needed up to twice a day. I started taking them when I was thirteen, and now as a eighteen year old I am having memory problems due to being on it for such a long period of time. I wouldn’t recommend starting your teen at a dose this high, please consult your doctor!
3746	10.0	I've enjoyed the relaxing effect of this.  I've been using it regularly for 6 months now. I realize that there are many ways to view this, but am just glad that it fit my expectations very nicely.
3747	1.0	This med was given to me for itching caused by anxiety.  I've been on this drug for 2 months. I am happy this works for some folks but still itch, am anxious and am unable to sleep. 25 mg 3 x day for me with no results.
3748	9.0	I was given hydroxyzine 25 mg three times a day to help reduce my need of as many benzos. To say it's useless is false. I have very high anxiety this settles my heart with my kolopin and helps me sleep at night. Great for stomach issues as well. Overall this drug can help and with very little side effects.
3749	1.0	Did not work at all for me. An hour after I took it I had a panic attack. Since then I’ve been on edge. If you already have anxiety and antihistamines make it worse be sure to mention that to your doctor. They didn’t as me so I didn’t think anything of it 
3750	5.0	My update from last May actually.  I was given these to take almost same time last year for anxiety/panic and breathing issues. I took for about two weeks as needed, but only 10mg because they knocked me flat on my back for hours on end and suffered extreme drowsiness and dry mouth afterwards. While they seemed to help my anxiety because I was either asleep or almost paralyzed in bed, so I couldn't function and was agitated because of how they made me feel. So,I stopped taking them and it's almost a year later. Weather has just recently got warmer where I'm at and I'm short of breath again and anxious again and panicking again! Weird.. allergies IDK, while I didn't care for them, I don't know fully because I couldn't take them for long, side effects were too much. I'd give them a try though, everyone is different.
3751	8.0	Psychiatric Rx. Prescribed 25 mg up to 3 times daily. Taking as needed. I get anxiety with shortness of breath. Helps a great deal. Sedating. Less anxious. Was taking only once in a while, but I am now starting to take 3 times daily to ward off constant anxiety. So far, great drug.
3752	10.0	I have bipolar manic depression, extreme anxiety and extreme OCD of hair pulling (trichtotillmania). My psychiatrist prescribed this and 3 other medicines but this is two 25mg 3 times a day. I’ve been on it for 2 weeks and it makes me shake but I haven’t pulled my hair since being on it and have been calmer since being on it. This has been amazing for me. I can’t praise it enough.
3753	8.0	I started this in conjunction with Zoloft to treat my debilitating night time Anxiety. I started with 25 mg at bed, the first night and immediately went to sleep worry-free. Woke up the next morning late and was foggy brained the next day. Now I only take a half a pill before bed if I'm wound up and need help to sleep. Works perfectly. I no longer have anxiety, though the Zoloft is likely the contributor.
3754	1.0	My GP prescribed this to take as needed.  Taking nothing worked just as well.
3755	1.0	I can't help but wonder if these reviews are sarcastic or not. This drug does not work (for me) AT ALL. 100mg...nothing...200mg...nothing...300...nothing. Coming from a 24 year old girl.
3756	1.0	"People writing here are not happy, either, and we need to be proactive with our doctors. This did NOT help, my nightmares were vivid and no patient should settle for that as a way to be rid of an Rx that could actually work for me so I am not anxious, and can have a good life.  I also was concerned my bp was up; never had it before; felt like my heart was racing, went to a cardiologist I trust, and was ok though blood pressure was causing it to feel like racing. It's obviously the meds. I also took Trazadone for sleep/anxiety, had horrific nightmares, no warning on either med., both Rx's caused a hangover effect and was tired all day. Not happy w/ medical care lately; missing  doctors caring about us first. Maybe having &amp; taking more time with patients, listening, solving &amp; providing real needs would reduce our ""opioid"" situation in the U. S. : it's the worst healthcare system in the world."
3757	10.0	I got this prescription for withdrawal from benzodiazepines.  It helped me get a little sleep sometimes, it calmed down some of the myoclonus jerks, electrical shock sensations, internal vibrations, tremors, shaking, dry heaving/vomiting. It didn't take them entirely away but just more bearable sometimes.It did nothing for the complete balance loss and the mental anguish that still plagues me in my 2 year withdrawal.
3758	8.0	"Life Changer.I have experienced anxiety most of my life to the point of not interacting with people staying to myself. After taking this medication I feel a full body calming. I just feel less anxious and never felt like this before. The only reason I don’t give the medication 10 stars is because I only been taking it for a few weeks.I don’t know if this is one of those medications that wears off 
Less anger and irritability too 
I take 25 milligrams 2 times a days but am upping it until 25 milligrams 4 times a day"
3759	8.0	Vistaril works great for me right before bed, takes care of anxiety and allows me to get to sleep easier. Taken it 4 years now no problems.
3760	10.0	"It's really working .  I took only one pill and and suddenly felt so relaxed. Also this drug has 5 times less side effects than SRRI 
SRRI near killed me"
3761	1.0	I was put on hydroxyzine March 26 but I didn't take it until March 28. I am also on Prozac and they raised the dosage to 20mg. Well since being on hydroxyzine I feel very dizzy through out the whole day. I have trouble sleeping at night. Went to the ER the day before Easter because I felt so out of it. Heart was racing my head felt so groggy. Woke up this morning and still feel out of it. Didn't take it at 2 like I was supposed to so let's see what happens. But not being able to function or feel like I'm able to breath properly sucks. Not taking thing drug again.
3762	1.0	Made me feel loopy and increased my anxiety. Major feelings of derealization. Also mild audatory hallucinations as I was trying to fall asleep, which I couldn't do.
3763	9.0	"This pill has been a godsend for me! I can not think of one bad thing to say about it. it has helped me be able to ignore my anxiety and panic symptoms enough to leave my house and go to appointments. (I also have agoraphobia) every now and then they will make me just a little drowsy but never anything that inhibits my control or focus. I have also benefited from hydroxyzine for allergies as well. it really is a wonderful thing, especially because it is not habit forming and you do not build a tolerance to it. I have used 25mg for about 2 years (as needed) and it still is just as effective as day 1.
I definitely recommend to anyone struggling with their anxiety even with an antidepressant medication, as sometimes in the moment we need a little extra help. Hydroxyzine has definitely done that for me."
3764	5.0	I've been on this drug for about 1 month and a half to get off welbutrin because I  wanted to get off it (cold turkey) . Now I've been taking this drug it helps to a point. Sometimes I feel my heart racing and sweat a lot. But I feel like I'm getting so use to it that it is starting to not help so now  I just take it as needed.
3765	1.0	Got prescribed this medication by the family doc. Took 50 mg a day (based on my weight). So half a pill in morning, half a pill during lunch and a full 25 mg pill in the evening. It did NOTHING for me. The only thing... made my mouth dry andmy concentration decreased. The good thing is that you can take this medicine whenever you need it. However, I think it would be nice if it worked for the anxiety
3766	1.0	Vistaril is nothing but a glorified antihistamine. It did nothing for my anxiety but made me feel....um....uncomfortably high I guess? I was avoiding having to take this (the bottle was sitting in the cabinet) and decided I needed to try one. Well, it didn't do anything. I feel dizzy, drunk and I feel like I am suffering from insane depersonalization. I want to get this out of my system now.
3767	2.0	I got prescribed this for my in between anxiety period while lexapro took its place. It is absolutely horrible I don't feel anything upon taking it. I tried to stay away from benzos because of the addiction so I thought this would be a good alternative route. Did not help me.
3768	3.0	I was prescribed this to help get through withdrawals from a combo of opiates and benzodiazepines, mainly the anxiety connected to that.  It had almost no effect, other than stopping the sneezing spells I went through. Otherwise it was like I didn’t take anything. I was prescribed 100 mg , but quit taking it since it had no effect on anxiety.
3769	10.0	I am 32 years old and I started experimenting with drugs in high school. I took an extreme liking to benzos and opiates so much that I ended up in rehab. The doctors prescribed me hydroxozine to help with my anxiety, since I have taken strong benzodiazepines for so long.  This drug is a lifesaver for me, it really helps with my anxiety and knocks my cravings out and it doesn’t make me sleepy. I take 25 mg 3 times a day and it helps tremendously. And if I don’t need it, I don’t take it. It’s not addictive so if I do miss a dose I don’t have withdrawals, I don’t even notice. I highly recommend people take this if you have anxiety. Benzodiazepines are addictive, dangerous and they impair your memory and judgement. This medicine has helped me tremendously, I hope this helps anyone who has had addiction problems, it is rough out there but this medicine will help. It definitely has helped me.
3770	8.0	Works great for my nighttime anxiety and helps me relax my mind so I can sleep. It takes the edge off the anxiety.
3771	1.0	didn't work for me, just made me sleepy
3772	1.0	My doctor is taking me off xanex after being on it  for a year. He prescribed me 10 mg of this drug. The worst experience ever it’s been hours and I feel nausea headache and so dizzy I can’t stand too long.  Heart murmurs heaviness in my chest.  Blurred vision so bad I feel cross eyed. Never taking it ever again!
3773	1.0	My dr gave me this as he doesn't like Xanax because it can become addicting. It did nothing for me. If anything, I think it made my anxiety attacks worse.  He did say that it helps some people but not everyone and I agreed to try it. I threw them out
3774	8.0	I have been taking 25mg hydroxizine for the past nine months. The impact has been positive and has given me more control over my actions during situations of anxiety and panic due to a specific phobia. Originally the medication made me extremely drowsy, but this wore off after a few weeks. The medication has also helped with sleeping and allergies, which have in turn improved my mood and decreased my anxiety. It may not work for everyone, but it's worth a try.
3775	3.0	Helps with my allergic reactions to soaps, creams, and lotions.  Does not provide any noticable anxiety relief.  
3776	1.0	I’ve taken up to 50mg at a time to treat severe  panic attacks, per my doctors instruction) and it doesn’t touch it. I have family members who take it and it works very well, but not for me. I have a very high tolerance for sedatives (I’ve woken up during every procedure I’ve ever had that required sedation) so maybe that is why? Everyone is different, but this is not a good treatment for me.
3777	3.0	"My doctor prescribed me  vistaril to relieve anxiety rather than me just drinking alcohol and self medicating.
It seems to take an edge of the anxiety but it doesn't fully alleviate anxiety. Also after taking it for awhile I'm not 100 percent it was the vistaril but I developed what was explained to me to be chronic GERD basically like extreme heart burn all the time 24/7 so now they have me on more medication to treat that."
3778	1.0	Vistaril does absolutely nothing. It doesn't help with anxiety. It only makes you more frustrated that your anxiety is not being treated properly. If your doc prescribes you this, he is not a doctor, he is just wasting your time... unbelievable.
3779	1.0	I took this medication for first time and it has my heart racing. I have a headache, left eye and neck pain, and left side pain.  I almost ended up in ER.  I still has my clonazpam that I will be taking and discontinue this monster. (10mg hydroxyzine)
3780	2.0	Because of new TN state law, you can't take Xanax and pain medication (I am in a reputable pain management program) together.  I took Xanax for anxiety and panic attacks.  Now I am trying the Hydroxyzine (that I take at night for itching) for anxiety and panic attacks and it is not doing a thing for me.  The only thing it does it put me to sleep.  During the day I do not want to go to sleep, especially when having problems with anxiety.  Oh well, another trip to the doctor is due.
3781	10.0	As someone who has experienced anxiety for 6 years and counting, I'd have to say this works very well for me. It's the only thing that's able to help me when I have intense anxiety attacks. Far more effective than any other medication I've tried.
3782	6.0	This seems to make my left side of head hurt and I get a stiff neck on left side.  I sleep way too much but has helped with the anxiety a lot.
3783	1.0	This didn't do anything for my anxiety, not even make me tired. I feel more anxiety taking them then when I don't use it. Chest tightness, nose running like a river, constant state of anxiety going on.
3784	9.0	It helps alleviate panic attacks extremely well.
3785	2.0	Prescribed for anxiety and to help me sleep, 25mg-50mg at bed time. Gave me horrible dreams and kept me in a hypnotic state most of the night with very little sleep. Benzo's are the only thing that work for me.
3786	10.0	The first anxiety attack I ever had that I can remember I was probably 5 years old. I didn’t tell any of my doctors about my anxiety until now (20 years old) I haven’t taken anything else other than Hydroxyzine. I only take two 10mg pills right before I go to bed and it helps me throughout the next day while also helping me sleep through the night. Most of my anxiety attack’s happen while I sleep. This medication has helped me very much. I think it’s good for someone who has never been on an anxiety medication before. It really only makes me thirsty, but drinking water is good for you anyway!!
3787	8.0	I have had anxiety and a panic disorder for most of my adult life. I was on ativan for 15 years and have been on klonopin for 10. When my doctor retires or I lose health insurance coverage I have been prescribed vistaril by family practice doctors that don't like prescribing benzodiazepines. For me it does stop panic attacks and calms me. Also helps with sleeping. The only downside is it is less effective over time unlike klonopin or ativan which never loses its efficacy. It's a nice med to take short term until I find a long term doctor.
3788	3.0	"I was prescribed Vistaril to help with anxiety and sleep following opiate withdrawals. It did little, if anything. Original dose was 50 mg, later raised to 100 mg. It did reduce the crazy sneezing I went through.

I got far better results for sleep from OTC Benedryl and melatonin."
3789	9.0	I take this medication 3 times a day and I actually like it. It’s really helping the only thing I don’t like is I get really tired and dizzy on them but overall it’s pretty effective.
3790	5.0	This pill made it hard to wake up the next day. I only take this when I desperately need to. It works and makes my thoughts seem to quiet and slow down within minutes. The side effects are barely bareable. It may knock you out and make you feel groggy.
3791	1.0	"All I do is sleep on this medication.
Was on Buspar but that was not controlling my anxiety."
3792	5.0	Vistaril is an ANTIHISTAMINE. it can make you drowsy if you have not taken it before. This is ALL that it MAY have in common with a real anxiety medication. It DOES NOTHING for anxiety unless you are shaking and trembling due to poison ivy or HIVES!!!!! Whoever got the bright idea to try to convince anyone that suffers from real anxiety to use this med for help is risking their patient's life. I take it for chronic hives, and have done so for 45 years.
3793	4.0	Prescribed to help me discontinue opiates, mainly for anxiety. In general, I’ve not had any results I’d say were helpful. Nothing harmful, but it hasn’t helped much with anxiety. It did seem to alleviate sneezing with opiate discontinuation which was good. It has helped slightly with insomnia as well, but only moderately. It causes my heart to race a bit for an hour after taking it. No other effects, good or bad though.
3794	5.0	So my doctor prescribed me hydroxyzine pamoate because I told her I was having episodes of terrible anxiety and I wasn't sleeping very well because of it. The first night I took it, it took about 30 mins to set in, I started feeling calm and my normal negative obsessive thoughts became more positive and far less obsessive. I would have a positive thought and move on to another. That in itself was amazing and I also slept very well. The dry mouth side effect is bearable as well. However, the next morning when I woke up I was so groggy and could feel the sedation had not worn off... All I wanted to do was sleep and not talk because I was so relaxed and I was extremely irritable
3795	1.0	I was on klopin for anxiety I switched doctors they took me off and but put me on this rubbish med. I have the worst anxiety and PTSD due to going overseas. This medicine made everything so bad. I don't have any damn allergies so why  do I have to suffer because goddamn dope heads.  My night mares and anxiety got worse.  If a doctor writes this for you tell them you want to be treated for anxiety not allergies.
3796	10.0	This is coming from someone who has struggled with severe anxiety issues and panic attacks,since I was a young child. Before being prescribed Hydroxyzine, I would have at least 2 panic attacks a day, if not more then that. And my high anxiety levels always interfered with everyday life...I would over think everything, plus I worried about every little thing that happened, it sucked. I'm 25 now, and my anxiety levels are kept at a minimum, due to the Hydroxyzine..I'm able to function normally at work, plus I don't worry as much. I feel like I can be myself again
3797	7.0	I have a severe bipolar, extreme manic depressive, high anxiety, suicidal tendencies and ADHD. I had never taken any medications until recently. I didn't believe anything was wrong. I recently admitted myself to a psychiatric hospital that specializes in chemical dependency and mental illness. I was prescribed Vistaril 50mg every 6hrs as needed. I like this medication a lot. It works quick for me and I've not experienced any issues with making me tired at all and I only use it during the day. But I also have Seroquel 150mg Neurontin two 100mg capsules three times a day and Depakote 500mg 1 in the morning and 2 at bedtime. Vistaril has been great for me.
3798	9.0	I've been taking this med on and off for about a year now.  While it does well at keeping the anxiety attacks and dissociations at bay.  I've noticed the room spinning a few times, and I'm quite irritable.
3799	1.0	I have horrible persistent anxiety &amp; panic disorder &amp; have been taking one benzo or another, mainly Klonopin for the past 18 years. I tried all of the other anxiety meds &amp; nothing worked but benzos. I've been on .5mg of Klonopin most recently for the past couple years. Recently I had surgery &amp; was put on Oxycodone for pain. As soon as my psychiatrist found out about this he cut me off my klonopin abruptly after my last prescription ran out. I called his office in a panic &amp; he phoned in a script for Atarax 25mg 1 or 2 pills every 6 hours as needed for anxiety. What a joke. Made my anxiety &amp; panic worse. I am now getting Xanax from other places to treat my anxiety since doctors will not help.
3800	1.0	Took my first pill after going to the urgent care for anxiety due to stomach issues. I took the first pill that night it kinda helped me sleep. Awoke the next day around 1pm started to get an uncomfortable feeling. Felt super anxious, jittery, cold feet, sweaty palms, tingling sensation in hands and feet. Warm sensation in chest. Felt as if all my nerves in my stomach was in a knot. The more I took the worse it got. Stop taking med 3 days after started and slowly begin to feel like myself at 24-48 hours. Worst feeling ever
3801	8.0	Panic attacks came at 46 when I had negative life experiences we all will get and was prescribed this from a doctor. I never took it,Ii overcame anxiety and I accepted it. I tricked my mind into knowing nothing was going to happen and how did I realize that? Because nothing ever happened and the next day kept coming. When you feel an attack coming say to yourself nothing is going to happen and tomorrow will come and you'll still be here doing fine for sure as your reading this..good luck..and make sure your eating right and exercising.
3802	10.0	I have always struggled with severe anxiety and panic attacks that would happen everyday. Then I was prescribed this medicine, let me tell you that Hydroxyzine works so well..even more important, it helps keep my anxiety issues down to a minimum..and if I feel a panic attack creeping up, this medicine only takes a few minutes to calm me down. I can function normally with my anxiety problems, thanks to Hydroxyzine
3803	4.0	I've had anxiety my entire life, specifically with social interactions, and in the past year or two have experienced severe panic attacks. The anxiety and panic are linked to my depression, which altogether led to me being hospitalized. When I was there, they prescribed lexapro for my depression and hydroxyzine for my anxiety. The hydroxyzine meds took me out like a light, I could not stay awake to save my life. And when I was awake, I was completely out of it. After a few months of using it and getting used to it these side effects stopped, however it was hell waiting for them to stop. I would not recommend to anyone working, as I was at the time, but if you're willing to wait out the period of absent-mindedness, it can help calm you down.
3804	7.0	Has worked well but it will make you feel loopy for a 1/2 hour or so.
3805	7.0	I recently brought myself to the hospital due to chest pains (anxiety, panic attacks). I had no idea what a panic attack was and my EKG showed arrhythmias. I spent 2 days in the hospital and was released with this medication. I have been taking these meds for 4 days now and I feel like my old self again. No more tightness of chest, short breaths, chest pain, and no more feeling like I'm coming undone. When I feel like I may be on the verge of an anxiety attack, I take a pill and I feel like new. I would recommend this to anyone who has panic or anxiety attacks. The best part is, this medication is non habit forming. So take as you go, or as needed. I'm allergic to a lot of different medications and this one has no side effects from what I have felt.
3806	3.0	"65 yr old and diagnosed with ADD.  (was tested)
Been on Adderral and Klonipin 12 years. My Doctor kept me on Adderal but replaced Klonipin with hydroxyzine and added Celexa.  First night caused my RLS to act up big time so I never took again. Taking care of my 88 year old mother is very stressful so I tried hydroxyxine again last  night but took with my ropinrole. No RLS! To be honest I don't think I feel a difference as far as anxiety.  Took another one this am.  Think my anxiety over rides any med.  Need something diff. Will post what Dr. replaced with."
3807	9.0	Have a great deal going on in my life and very anxiety driven. This helped calm me down without making me drowsy. I can sleep and I can relax and not worry about being so spun up. Recommend this drug since it is not habit forming.
3808	1.0	Horrible med. I weigh 105 and was given VISTARIL 3 times a day. I lost a CHILD  and was sad. Grieving and this is what I was given with trazadone and I already was on cymbalta  for chronic pain.    I couldn't even finish a sentence. Released from hospital ran into a ditch, arrested for DUI. Two nighes in jail. DUI was my own meds. No Alcohol and never drugs in my life.   Now I have fines a court date truck repairs and may lose license and probation and community services and I was out of state.  I told the Doctor it was too strong but he didn't listen. My life is ruined
3809	3.0	I battle depression, anxiety &amp; severe insomnia also allergies. Knocked me out cold &amp; my allergies seemed under control anxiety a little better. Problem I couldn't shake being extremely tired the next day. All I could do was sleep which doesn't help with depression.
3810	2.0	Doesn't do much for my anxiety or promote sleep (I take a dose at bedtime). Vistaril is basically prescription Benadryl.
3811	2.0	It helps me sleep but the next day I have trouble breathing. It's almost as if it's hard to exhale but easy to inhale. It's like the weirdest sensation ever. I wonder if I'm allergic to this medication. I do suffer from heart arrhythmias.
3812	10.0	I was prescribed gabapentin, Xanax and hydroxyzine for insomnia. I was weaning myself off from Xanax and the withdrawals and cravings were terrible. I tried hydroxyzine for a night and the next day, absolutely no cravings for Xanax. Not only that, the depression and anxiety, GONE. The vivid dreams are plus. I wake up feeling meaningful and full of hope. I spent the day focused and productive. The next day was the same! This is a miracle drug. I had no idea hope is a chemical.
3813	8.0	Ok as a first time user I'm going to give my honest answer based on usage for 3 days now. So my doc prescribed me these because I have developed anxiety disorder. Well, I decided to take these when I start to feel panicked. After 20 minutes or so. I'm easy. Thoughts simmer down. Mind stop racing and negative thoughts seem to push to the back and not to the front as usual.  They make me feel mellow and laid back..Mind you. I'm not a drug user of any type so that's probably why they work so well for me. I keep them with me all the time. They don't make me drowsy. However, if I'm relaxed. I can definitely dose off. I recommend these if they are the only medicine you are taking.  It seems to work best in my clean system. Hope this helps
3814	4.0	I’ve had severe anxiety my whole life but was never put on anything till about 7 months ago. I was also diagnosed with bipolar, so when I’m manic and having a extremely hard time falling asleep this medicine works. But for my anxiety, which it was prescribed for, doesn’t do anything except make me pass out and not want to do anything for days! It also makes me fall asleep at the drop of a dime, for example while driving! This may work for others, but it’s definitely not the pill for me when it comes to anxiety, though for when I need to get some shut eye it works great!
3815	7.0	Speaking as a parent my son has anxiety so bad he was hurting himself, he's 13 with Aspergers so it hard for him to express emotions even though he's been going to therapy and a psychiatrist for 8 yrs...This pill has been a life saver for us, it relieved his anxiety and his allergies...The doctors are pleased as well considering one alternative was to place him in a psychiatric ward
3816	8.0	I got my prescription for anxiety. I'm a first timer on these type of meds so I'm cautious. I finally decided to take it tonight because a horrible situation raised and I can't sleep or focus. I must say it's been about 25 min and I'm feeling a little better( thoughts not racing as much) but a little sleepy. I don't know if I'd take this during the day. I'll post an update tomorrow if you care to keep a lookout!! Just trying to help someone maybe- as I experiment.
3817	2.0	Hydroxyzine just made me drowsy with my severe anxiety did not help me at all
3818	1.0	Worst medication ever. You can't function after you take it and you feel terrible for days after. It's basically benadryl ( a sedating antihistamine). Does nothing for anxiety expect make you feel weird and uncomfortable then puts you to sleep. Another sorry excuse, poor man's anti anxiety med. Stay away. If your doctor prescribes they are an idiot
3819	10.0	It Definitely calms me down... But it also makes me sleepy.
3820	8.0	I have had my hydroxizine Rx for a while but never took it. Started feeling kind of anxious last night so I took 25mg. I must've passed right out because I don't remember when I fell asleep! I slept very well but woke up with a weird groggy feeling. I also felt really relaxed though which was really nice. Grogginess/ brain fog can sometimes exacerbate anxiety for me so I had some caffeine and that seemed to help.
3821	8.0	I am a newly diagnosed mild anxiety sufferer. This is the only medicine I have tried for my anxiety as I talked to my Dr and advised her I can control my anxiety for the most part but I just needed something to curb my anxiety for when I was too overwhelmed to calm my own self down. I am on a low dose 25 mg and what this medicine does for me is exactly what I need. I use one prescription over the course of almost two months since it is only as needed. It allows me to clear my mind, get the full picture of the current situation and it allows me to put things into perspective so I can push through the tough times with a better thought process. It does make me a little drowsy if I am already tired. Worth a shot for as needed folks.
3822	1.0	This drug is a joke for anxiety. It doesn't work at all. I thought it would also help with my contact dermatitis, but it doesn't help with that at all either. If you take this drug you're wasting your time.
3823	1.0	Great for unclogging your nose, horrible for anxiety. It made mine bad enough on several occasions that I ended up in the ER. It also gave me dangerously low blood pressure, heart palpitations, hallucinations and an overall terrified feeling. I wouldn't recommend this at all for anxiety.
3824	8.0	This drug has worked great for my anxiety. I'm prescribed 25mg twice a day as needed and then two before bedtime for sleep issues. It definitely works. Just be warned that it will make you extremely loopy until you get used to it. Be careful with the alcohol with it because it triples the effect of it. Keep it to one drink maximum.
3825	8.0	I was prescribed hydroxyzine Pam 25mg cap after being in a car accident and suffering from anxiety attacks since the wreck. I took one last night and still felt the pill all the way until 10am today. I have not had no anxiety all day which has been going on for exactly three weeks now (the anxiety) I was scared to take anything at first but my anxiety got worse and I got the courage last night to take one. I woke up feeling great slightly high but great. I did have a light headache when I woke up but it went away after I ate breakfast. It is now 2:41 pm the next day I no longer feel high but I don't feel anxiety either. I think I will continue to take one capsule at night let's see how I feel the rest of the day. I will be back with update
3826	9.0	I take 25mg vistaril twice a day for anxiety. I had been suffering from GAD and a specific phobia for eight years and had never tried any medication. At first I was taking just 25mg at bedtime and it still caused significant drowsiness during the day. The drowsiness has worn off but the medication is still controlling my anxiety and helping me sleep more, which in turn makes me more cheerful and relaxed. I know that it doesn't work for everyone, but for me it has worked excellently.
3827	3.0	I took this drug for the first time on July 28th for anxiety. At first the dry mouth made it harder to breath, which is of coarse a no-no for anxiety folks. I did sleep slightly better without feeling knocked out and had a lot of dreams, but no nightmares. I also had severe stomach cramps and diarrhea for about 10 minutes in the middle of the night. I seemed to have a slight amount of anxiety relief, but also an increase. The lethargy from the medication made me less motivated to care for daily tasks, which then piled up and created more anxiety and aggitation. Even so, I could see it being effective for some individuals, just be aware of the possible side effects before beginning  this treatment.
3828	1.0	Well, what can I say other than vomiting for 8 hours and pooping myself for a day after taking this pill. I need answers
3829	10.0	Works very well. Takes the edge right off
3830	8.0	I was prescribed vistaril by my primary. I have severe anxiety and panic attacks. About 45 minutes ago I took this for the first time and being completely honest, it did help relieve that sense of intense fear! I also feel way more relaxed than what I was feeling! Overall I recommend!
3831	2.0	I took this nearly 22 hours ago and I am still feeling the effects - extremely drowsy.  Be sure not to take this before driving...
3832	10.0	Have had major depressive disorder with borderline bipolar since I was 9. These last several years started to develop anxiety. Haven't been able to find medications to help with my depression, so the anxiety really just pulled everything farther down for me. Thankfully though have a wonderful doctor now, an whereas still having trouble finding anything to help with my depression, have started hydroxyzine for my anxiety. I am sensitive to medication, an first tried half a 25mg pill, which knocked me on my behind! But during the day I take roughly 6-7mg when needed, an it calms me enough to be able to go outside and to the store. I also have insomnia, so taking a half pill at bedtime on bad nights usually helps me sleep ok. Fully recommend!
3833	6.0	This drug does well for the purpose it was prescribed for: reduction of anxiety.  However I commonly suffer from sleep walking, sleep motions and even talking.  This drug really kicked all of that into overdrive.  I spend the night having nightmares and constantly waking myself and my girlfriend up because I will scream at the top of my lungs as well as kick and punch the bed.  If you have sleep issues like me I would not recommend it.  If you do not then I would recommend it.
3834	1.0	I have tried so many things for my anxiety...Vistaril for anxiety did not help me personally...I know everyone is different but this did not help me at all. I just started Buspar for my anxiety so I am hoping this helps. But Vistaril did NOTHING... I didn't feel anything it may work for certain people but absolutely nothing happened with my anxiety decreasing ...
3835	1.0	"Worst medication experience! I was prescribed this drug for a panic attack that would subside. The pill was hydroxyzine 25 mg.. I took half of it as I'm leery of side effects to medication. It first felt like everything was okay. 
I went to sleep and it all started there. I had some of the vivid dreams. I would luckily be awakened by my surroundings. I would then get in bed and lay there. I felt paralyzed. Like my brain couldn't make my body do anything like raise my arm. I hallucinated and heard voices. I decided I couldn't go back to sleep after that. I woke up but felt as I was floating. I remember trying to focus but was looking for imaginary things. It literally felt like I was dreaming while awake. It was terrifying. Do not recommend!"
3836	5.0	"Only giving this drug a 5/10 because it has only been about a week and most medications work well for the first week.
However, at the moment things are going much better for me! I was at a point where I was crying and snapping at people almost constantly. 
I'm now taking 25mg of vistaril in the morning and 0.5mg klonopin before bed. The vistaril doesn't make me tired at all, just strangely calm (not in a tranquilized way) and the klonopin helps me actually sleep. For now, this seems to be a great medication and a great combination as well."
3837	2.0	Its my first time using any sort of drug for anxiety. The doctor gave me a 10mg sized Atarax and it only made me feel sleepy. I still felt nervous and anxious over my work and these feelings didn't go away. Maybe I should be taking 25mg like the others here. Either way this 10mg capsules are suppose to last me until I go for my appointment with a professional pychiatrist.
3838	1.0	Started having really bad anxiety &amp; panic attacks which I ended up in the ER for. I was given xanax which helped out tremendously and I was fine for a long time. Then I had another really bad panic attack and ended up back in the ER. I was then prescribed hydroxyzine 25mg to take four times a day as needed which I ended up needing to take the following day because I had another panic attack IT DID NOTHING. The next day I had one at work at took another, since I was told to try it four times a day I figure maybe I would take one every 6 hours to see if maybe it can prevent a panic attack from even starting but NOPE! This medicine does nothing for me and with my anxiety and panic attacks it feels like I'm having mini heart attacks. I rather take the xanax
3839	10.0	"I absolutely love this medicine. ..
It seems like it's the only one that helps, it will make u sleepy and I also feel less hungry..."
3840	10.0	I've struggled with Anxiety my whole life I've tried SSRI and Benzodiapams they SSRI's made me sick and  sluggish and benzos are severely addicting and I refuse to become addicted to something. Vistaril works great for me as you take it longer you won't be very sleepy. I take 10mg at night and only need it at night sometimes in the day and it lasts. I have no panic attacks. Hardly ever. I went from having panic attacks daily to one every once in a while. I love this medication .
3841	8.0	I've had generalized anxiety for about ten years, with some panic attacks.  Ended up in the ER twice in three days and saw a Dr. He prescribed hydroxyzine 25mg twice a day. Being fearful of pills, it took me a few days to give it a shot as I know many people with high anxiety are afraid of pills also and effects. I started slow and took 10mg and besides a few hot flashes an hour in ,it made me tired but relaxed. I slept fine and had no problems. I took another again today, same dose and was tired not long after. This was during the morning and I ended up literally going in and out of sleep for hours on end, hearing everything but also not awake, very strange. Anxiety a bit better, yes. Give it a try
3842	1.0	horrible medication! Was given this antihistamine for anxiety, it gave me hallucinations and nightmares about people dying and cartoon animal trying to kill me. The feeling didn't go away the next day. It took me two days to get it out of my system. Worst medication ever!!!!
3843	9.0	I've been on this drug for two days for anxiety. It's helped me tremendously already. I've never taken anything else and I've had anxiety for 10+ years, until this last serious episode that developed into panic attacks, that's why I finally decided to try something. After two days I already feel way more control of my thoughts. I'll still get anxious but it's way more manageable now. I've also noticed on this site that the negative reviews seem to be people who have already had xanax or something prior to this drug. If your thinking about this before anything else I recommend trying it. I had the prescription for two weeks before my Dr. convinced me to try. Wish I had two weeks ago.
3844	4.0	Took this medicine for 6 months for panic attacks it helped tremendously at first but soon it stopped helping the panic so I'd take way more than directed thinking it was the dose but then after I was told I could overdose and die  taking too much. I stopped taking so much and taking just the recommended dose just began making me severely drowsy.
3845	1.0	Did not help even a little for my panic attacks and anxiety. In fact it caused my depression to relapse after years of being ok.
3846	10.0	This pill is extremely helpful. I had very bad anxiety due to my friend passing away, stress at work, and some family issues. I was to the point that I was about to slap everybody at work, just from being overwhelmed and a few peoples negative intentions. Before taking this medication I would barely sleep at night, tossing and turning. It's been 3 days now and I already see improvement on how I feel and my attitude over all. I'm starting to not allow work get to me and raise my blood pressure. I feel more relaxed and calmer now, and able to sleep through the whole night. I feel great and I'm so surprised because last week I was borderline depressed.
3847	10.0	"Been on visaril for a week now!
Believe me when I say my anxiety was over the top before this,now it's manageable and it has increased my appetite which is a good thing for me! 
I'm not used to taking anything at all for any reason because of the adverse effects from the big pharmaceutical industry games that keep you sick!
Vistaril however I have 0 regrets because it's less likey to cause even a mental addiction, let alone a physical one!
Its been very helpful for me but do keep in mind that everyone reacts differently than others!
I find it very helpful for me!"
3848	5.0	Makes me tired and dizzy,  I can not breastfeed my son. Do not like this I'd rather take xanax
3849	1.0	Prescribed instead of usual xanax for anxiety. 25mg, up to three times a day a day. Not sure who could take more than one of these during the day. Luckily I was at home and could take a nap. 2.5 hours later I woke up and was so groggy I could barely get out of bed. Had work related dinner that I attended, went to bed directly following the dinner and slept until about 4am. STILL not what I would consider alert and functioning. I'd rather have anxiety This stuff is NOT a substitute for xanax.
3850	1.0	I was prescribed hydroxyzine and it does not help with anxiety at all. It takes an hour to kick in, but it does help with my allergies, which is an unnecessary plus.
3851	2.0	"I take 25 mg and it does not work. My Dr has prescribed it for 2 months now and I have told her that it don't work.
I would rather have the xanax back."
3852	8.0	Been on vistaril for a month. Works fine for me. Finally getting a full night sleep. I feel so much better awakening in the morning.
3853	1.0	"I have been suffering from ""AAD"" &amp; Panic Disorder for most of my life. Took my 1st ""classic"" panic attack in the 5th grade!!! I was Finally diagnosed at 23. I'm have been treated with xanax, clonopin and ativan for this awful condition ever since. I am now 43. Because of all the Abuse of these meds though by people that don't need it for anything except to ""get high"" makes me furious!!! Because where I live in N.J.,no kind of doctor wants to prescribe any kind of benzo anymore. It's awful because these meds help so many people. I was just yanked, not weaned, off the xanax and given Vistaril 100mg 3 times a day. This is the Most awful medication I have ever taken In my life!!! I had such horrible S/E's I went to the E.R.!!! TERRIBLE MED!!!"
3854	10.0	Hydroxyzine has been a miracle for my anxiety.  I was having chest pain so bad I couldn't breathe.  Problems with my heart were ruled out and I was prescribed this medication.  It helps me relax but doesn't make me groggy at all.  I can still work and function in life.  I also tend to get car sick so a positive side effect was that it helps with nausea.  It also isn't addictive.  My doctor said it could have side effects such as dry mouth, urinary retention, or blurred vision, but I have not experienced any of these side effects.
3855	2.0	I have had bad PTSD, anxiety and panic attacks and it does work for me. I'm happy to hear it works for others, though.
3856	9.0	"I had some sudden Insomnia problems this winter. Took a while to find out the underlying cause was anxiety. At first since I only thought it was Insomnia, the Ambien I got prescribed didn't work. I was going on 5 days with ONLY an hour of sleep so I visited a Psych. Vistaril worked that night and ever since. At first I took it as needed (2-3/day), then after a couple weeks I was just doing 1 at night for sleep. Crazy dreams similar to Benadryl.  I ran out 3 weeks ago and wanted to see how I would fare. Not good. Just got it prescribed again and looking to jump back into a proper sleep cycle and keep it as a safety stash. It's not 100%, there may be a night here &amp; there, but it felt like a literal life saver rescuing me from 5sleepless days

M/22"
3857	10.0	Amazing. Absolutely give this a chance if you suffer from anxiety. On prozac 20mg daily, ativan as needed, and vistaril. When my anxiety sky rockets and my mind races so fast I don't know what I'm thinking, vistaril has brought my mind and anxiety to a calm state within minutes. Life saving
3858	8.0	Vistarip is VERY helpful for my PTSD, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and some of my depression coming from my anxiety. This medication for anxiety works wonders for me and I would definitely recommend using it. I use 50mg every 6 hrs during the day (3X daily) is the prescribed dosage.. It keeps me calm and collected without having so much  panic! It definitely relieves anxious tension!!! :)
3859	2.0	"At first I was on 25mg as needed and took it about an hour or so before bed to help me ""turn off"" my mind and help me sleep a bit.  The next morning 10+ hours after taking the pill, I was a walking zombie until well into the afternoon.  My dosage was lowered to 10mg and although I didn't have the major day after drowsiness it still helped me sleep.  I took it during the day and it felt like I took several Benadryl's and I was unable to function for the afternoon because I was so drowsy.  Good thing I was at home when I took it.  Unfortunately, although it did help me sleep, it didn't do much to calm my anxiety.  I took it at the start of an anxiety attack and 40 minutes into it I was still having symptoms."
3860	3.0	Meh. In the past, I'd very occasionally taken valium and mostly klonopin for panic attacks and night terrors. My prescriber switched me due to the addictive nature of benzos, as well as their tendency to increase the likelihood of age-related cognitive impairments like Alzheimer's and dementia. I'm not thrilled with the results. I take 25mg of hydroxyzine maybe a few times a month. Where the klonopin had a very clear and palpable effect in reducing my anxiety, I still question whether the new medication is doing anything at all. Man, it's  2017--you'd think by now they could make a non-addictive drug that can alleviate anxiety effectively without making you senile! Am I asking too much?
3861	2.0	I was prescribed this for my anxiety, my doctor gave me the 50 MG. First of all it takes way too long to kick in atlas 30-45 minutes. It also makes me sleepy and when I wake up the next morning it's so hard to get out of the bed, I can barely keep my eyes open the whole next day and feel groggy all day. I would say it doesn't really help with anxiety at all it's basically just a sleeping pill.
3862	3.0	I used it to help me sleep,  and it did help me sleep.  But it gave me the worse nightmares.  And wouldn't let me wake up.
3863	1.0	I was prescribed this medication for anxiety and it did not help at all.
3864	4.0	Well I have started this medication not too long ago. The first few days it seemed to have made my body numb and sleepy which made me sleep a lot. It didn't really help me stay asleep because I still woke up several times at night. Nowadays when I take it, makes me extremely drowsy, and I have dry mouth and don't eat as much.I feel as if though I'm always on the edge. I don't think it got rid of anxiety and for sure I am terrified to even go out to places fearing for a panic attack episode. So this medicine doesn't make me feel safe as I'd wish it to.
3865	1.0	been on Hydroxyzine Pamoate capsule and it does not help with my anxiety.
3866	1.0	Was put on this temporarily for anxiety but it doesn't work for me!! No relief from my anxiety whatsoever and it made me slightly sleepy...I'm not sure why this is even considered anti-anxiety?! It's basically Benadryl!!! I think it's prescribed over other meds because it's not addicting, which is a plus lol
3867	1.0	"it did the worst for me. I have panic attacks every morning.
All it did for me was keep  me up all night.
Never will use again.
Bad stuff"
3868	8.0	I take Hydeoxzine HCLfor anxiety. I have to take a higher dose for it to work (100mg 3x a day). I have severe anxiety to the point it makes me vomit and I end up having a panic attack. I can't take a benzo as I have a addictive personality. The Hydroxyzine does work for me somewhat in the sense that it makes me kinda numb. I get super calm and relaxed. If your psychiatrist/doctor suggest that you take it for anxiety or something like that make sure you get the Hydroxyzine HCL brand and not the Hydroxyzine Pamoate. There is a big difference or that's what my doctor told me anyways. The HCL brand is more for anxiety and the Pamoate brand is more for allergies and things like that.
3869	5.0	Vistaril usually takes about an hour to kick. its nice to take at the onset of anxiety. With that being said, I don't know if it actually calms my anxiety as much as just makes me sleepy. I will fall asleep within 2 hours of taking it. I avoid taking it now because I don't want to sleep all the time.
3870	6.0	My mother has cancer. With that she has anxiety. The Dr prescribed her vistaril 25mg. Granted it kinda helps anxiety but it contributes to hallucinations. When I leave her off of it she has anxiety when she takes it, her dreams are vividly real. Weigh your options or decrease dosage but if a loved one is taking this medication before mental diagnosis try replacing or removing this drug for at least 48 hrs.
3871	7.0	Initially, 25 mg 3xd worked pretty well for me, but the effectiveness lessened somewhat after a few weeks. Then the doc changed the prescription to 25mg every 4 hrs as needed. That was ok during a bad couple of weeks, but then I began to notice myself getting irritable, which I think might have been from being so tired on it. When the anxiety got better I really noticed the irritability, which I got anyway with unmedicated anxiety. I was on it for about 3 months. I now haven't taken it for 2 days and I expect I'll only take it selectively from now on.
3872	10.0	I've been taking this med for more than  a year.  My mental health provider gave me this after she took away  my clanazipan.  I take 75 my a couple hours before bed and I love how it makes fall asleep.  I do wake up a couple times a night but I don't stay up for a couple  hours like I used to.  I easily fall back to sleep.
3873	1.0	Was given this medication for anxiety. Didn't help. Made me sleep all the time. Bad case of dry mouth and extreme mood swings. Had to stop taking it.
3874	4.0	"This drug only ""numbs"" you. My anxiety is not better or worse. I have been taking it for maybe 2 years"
3875	1.0	I have reviewed Hydroxyzine before, but I am revising it. I suffer from anxiety, panic attacks &amp; paranoia. When I first started taking Hydroxyzine it helped me. The only side effects I had were drowsiness &amp; dry mouth. All of a sudden I developed a tolerance to it. The doctor kept raising my dosage until he had me on 100 mg, which is the highest dosage you can take. It still didn't help me, so I stopped taking it.
3876	9.0	I have been taking this drug for about a week off and on for the last 10 years I have been having panic attacks here and there just recently I believe I found out that birth control that I have been using the Depo has increased my anxiety to the point of exhaustion terrible sleeping would wake up every hour or would lay in bed with my mind racing and my body sweating and having chills at the same time I asked my doctor for something and they prescribed me this medication so far has done great have been getting a little tired here and there but my anxiety is almost gone still have a little chest pain here and there but other than that it has been great a lot of medications are different for a lot of different people just see what works for u
3877	4.0	"This was prescribed to me for anxiety and to help me sleep. It helped for a few days, but I would only get a good 4 hours before I would wake up and it did nothing for on set anxiety meaning I still couldn't go out and do things. I just felt tired all of the time. When I would wake up after taking it, my nose, throat and chest would be so dry I would have to drink a gallon of water.

I think this is what Doctor's give you when they don't trust giving you something that actually works."
3878	8.0	"I take 100mg as a PRN for extreme anxiety/panic attacks. It works almost as well as Ativan but without the unfortunate inevitability of building up a tolerance that happens with taking benzos.The only downside is that my insurance doesn't cover it while it does cover Ativan, otherwise I would just switch over completely.

The sensation is a bit different than using benzos to stop a panic attack. Where Ativan will work very quickly in 20-30 minutes tops and smother and separate you from the sensation of panic in your chest, with hydroxyzine it takes about 45 minutes and the way the anxiety slowly petering-out sort of creeps up on you. You have to be more patient which can be awful when you're panicking but the end result is nearly identical."
3879	1.0	I've been taking this medication for almost a month along with gabapentin and mirtazepine I use gabapentin during the day in very large amounts. Being a benzo user the gaba doesn't help my panic attacks unless a big dose is taken at a time. I tried to combine gaba and hydroxyzine with very little effect on my anxiety.  Now at night I try taking it alone and nothing but with the mirtazepine I do fall asleep but have the scariest most real feeling frightening nightmares ever. The doc is trying to get me to stop taking clonazepam but that is the only benzo that works for my anxiety all day and eases me to sleep at night without crazy nightmares. I wish he would just give me clonazepam but he's trying to taper me off..I hate it
3880	9.0	I have been on Visitril for a little over a week now and I have to say that it has been an overall therapeutic and positive experience. I was on Lexapro (escitolopram) for almost 3 months and found that the medicine would make me pretty anxious though did level me out during a very rocky time in my life . I chose to start taking Visitril since the lexapro wasn't effective in ways I wanted and now on 50mg to 100 mg a day, I can say that it is easier to be focused on things that I really care about and I can usually notice the subtle change in my body when it stops working (in my stomach primarily) and I'll pop another one and will stay pretty level as long as it is in my system.
3881	9.0	I deal with extreme anxiety in a lot of different scenarios likely rising out of autism.  I'm on about 75mg a day, and I cannot say I have side-effects, other than waking up with a pounding heart for a few hours if I drink too heavily.  I have had such good effects from the drug to the point where I can actually see major differences in how I interact with people and events and almost see a difference in my personality (for the better) over the past several years.  I have recommended Vistaril to several people.
3882	1.0	Was prescribed for anxiety, and instead it threw me into the worst full blown panic attack I have ever had.!   Totally out of my mind!
3883	5.0	Makes me groggy but maintains my anxiety.
3884	9.0	So far, so good. I was prescribed 25mg 2x a day and was so relieved to have something to tame my anxiety before a flight with my two toddlers. I take 40mg Paxil, but am taking this for more intense anxiety flare ups. It made me tired the first day, but now I'm doing great and finally able to enjoy my kids and my life! I've taken benzos for years, but I'm not a fan due to tolerance and withdrawal symptoms. The only downside of hydroxyzine so far is this odd anxiety when falling asleep. I will wake myself up due to not feeling myself breathe. This can go on for an hour +. I'm hoping that will fade off and I can just enjoy the benefits of this medication.
3885	7.0	It does relieve anxiety associated with severe panic. I have GAD (generalized anxiety disorder) and under duress, I suffer from heart palpitations, dizziness, dermatitis, and nausea. The hydroxine pamoate does relieve the nausea and heart palpitations quickly but it can cause dizziness at times especially when mixed with caffeine or alcohol which is not recommended
3886	10.0	I had an outburst with severe anxiety after I stopped another medication too soon. I love how this medicine keeps me calm and I sleep so good, I feel like a new person. I would highly recommend this product for it has helped me so much. I don't ever plan to go on anything else.
3887	10.0	"I was prescribed hydroxyzine as an anti nausea med  for after surgery. I quickly noticed how it calmed me down. Post surgery bathing was especially anxiety inducing for me. I would take one before getting in so I could handle it. It also was the only way I could sleep otherwise I would be up after a couple hours due to inactivity (surgery was from a sports injury). 

I decided to get another prescription for it as an anxiety medication after having an anxiety attack. I took one to calm down and within minutes my panic was under control. 

Highly recommended for post surgery and the occasional anxiety attack."
3888	1.0	"I was prescribed 25mg and was advised to take it as needed up to 4 times a day, and still nothing.  I realize that with other medications, you should take it for 4 weeks or so to start to feel a difference, but anxiety medicine should work shortly after taking it, right? Unfortunately when I called my Dr, I had to ""give it time"" even though people anxiety don't really have time. So frustrating. $50 without a coupon just to have the same anxious rage I already had."
3889	10.0	"I have been tapering off Librium (benzo) for 6 months almost. I started at 150 mg and have worked my way down to 5 MISERBALY. I tried everything to help with withdrawal symptoms. Benadryl, vitamins, trazadone, propananol, gabapentin and Zoloft. NOTHING helped...until I was offered this MIRACLE. 
I was in a panic attack zombie disassociative state for 13 days, on Christmas I was devastated and broken and searched for rapid detox places. I was literally ready to spend $25,000 to feel ""normal"" and just get 4 hours sleep. 
I called my specialist and was prescribed 25mg pill form hydroxizine. I knew it wouldn't help, NOTHING helped. I took it, just one and within ten minutes was relaxed. Slept 8 hours and now see the light! Better than Xanax!"
3890	6.0	It definitely helps my anxiety. That being said its not a med I brag about to my friends. I was having an anxiety attack tonight. I took one 25 mg hydroxizine. It definitely made me feel better. I kinda wish I had something stronger. Like I said it takes the edge off. Also to note early mornings sometimes you have to push to get out of bed. Med seems to linger into wake up time. Also at times can feel like its hard to think. I've only taken it for like a week.
3891	7.0	I was given this medication along with Celexa for anxiety. My doctor does not like prescribing Xanax due to the dependency it can cause, so this with the combination of Celexa is to try to not use Xanax for anxiety or panic attacks. So far it has been ok. I have not noticed a huge decrease in my anxiety, but I often take it at night to help me sleep through the night without waking with anxiety. I am going to give it more time to see if I still will keep taking it. It does make me fatigued if I take it in the morning but it is managable.
3892	1.0	"I have been on this medication almost a year and have been experiencing a lot of symptoms which I have thought was due to benzodiazepine withdrawal.
I experience grogginess, fatigue, Lightheaded, horrible Anxiety, depression, palpitations, tremors, bad dreams, brain fog, cognitive issues, unable to concentrate, I had nausea 3 weeks, dizziness, feeling weird in and around my eyes, felt mental, No appetite, constipation , stomach issues, fear, Weakness etc
I'm starting to wonder if visterel is causing this?!!!! 
I take 50mg at night before bed And a doctor said I could take another 50mg if I woke so I have been and now I'm thinking all my issues are stemming from this junk! 
I had some issues prior to medication but nothing like this!"
3893	2.0	I was prescribed Vistaril 25mg to help relieve tension and was told to take 2 pills so 50mg if I 1 25mg pill didn't work. 50mg didn't really help either. I felt no improvement in how I felt aftetlr taking it. I was told after 30 minutes of taking it I should've felt better but it never happened. After 2 to 3 hours after taking it I felt somewhat relaxed but was more tired than  relax. Vistaril really didn't work out for me.
3894	1.0	My doctor put me on this because I'm on pain meds for chronic stomach pain and he didn't want to mix benzos into that. It worked ok for the first few months but as of this week, I have been having narcoleptic episodes and night terrors. I will NOT be taking this ever again.
3895	5.0	I had never had anxiety or panic attacks up until a year ago.. it came out of nowhere and I didn't know what was causing it. I think it was just overall life stressors in general...I was prescribed vistaril after having panic attacks and anxiety. I had never taken anything for anxiety before this so I wasn't sure what to expect. It helped slightly but didn't really take the anxiety away. Made me really sleepy and calmed me down in a sense but I could still feel like I had the anxiousness in the back of my mind. My doctor prescribed me Zoloft instead 50mg and it's worked amazing for me.. I actually feel more like my normal self and rarely get anxiety anymore.
3896	2.0	It doesn't help at all. Doesn't even make me sleepy, either. Even Zoloft helps with my anxiety more, and Zoloft isn't even marketed specifically to treat anxiety, like Visatril.
3897	9.0	Two 25mg doses, spread out, reduces anxiety for me, but it also can make me yawn and sleepy and I don't feel safe to drive for about an hour after taking the second dose.  Given that I am over sensitive to Benzos this is one of the few anti-anxiety drugs I can take without being over sedated.
3898	10.0	"I decided to try this medication for anxiety after reading several studies indicating that hydroxyzine is roughly equal to benzodiazepines for anxiety relief. 

I must say, I have been quite impressed by this medicine. It's just as strong as Xanax for me, but it doesn't make me forgetful. My quality of life has improved quite a bit since I started this medicine."
3899	1.0	My experience of this medicine.. Only made me sleepy..Did not help with anxiety.I take Zoloft 150..Any other suggestions that I can take with Zoloft for anxiety.
3900	1.0	Didn't help my anxiety, just knocked me out.
3901	1.0	Prescribed 25mg for GAD. It didn't do anything so I requested an upped dose. They prescribed me 50mg and it still did nothing. I have tried Benadryl, Lemon Balm and so many other things thag never worked. I am on Xanax now but it still really doesn't do much. I am on a 0.5dose and it works more maybe 30min and not very well.
3902	1.0	I took it like I was supposed to for anxiety and panic disorder. it did nothing absolutely nothing. I'm in worse shape now than I ever was. doctors please get a grip you can't treat us for just anything it's like trying to treat athletes feet with dandruff shampoo .We are people we know that you're not supposed to get attached to it.  the medicine sucks doesn't help sleep doesn't help panic disorder doesn't help insomnia doesn't help anxiety. I'm not sneezing -  I didn't go in for an antihistamine.  Do you think that Google won't tell us everything. It didn't take long to figure out I mean nothing. write a  proper prescription
3903	7.0	"I've had severe anxiety since 9 but after 25 years, I painfully learned to cope with it and reduce it without meds (most of this was from the fact that I was never properly diagnosed when I was a child).
Some of that anxiety won't ever go away but I prefer not to take benzos unless I really need them.
The very serious problem with benzos is that they can be very dangerous if you quit taking them and they are habit forming and you will unfortunately and quickly grow a tolerance to them over time.
As for this medication, I was only looking for something that could help with my itching after I moved to Austin, TX. This area is known for new folks having severe allergies.
Long story short - It worked pretty well for me for allergies and anxiety"
3904	9.0	"At first after reading the reviews I was very skeptical about taking this medication. 

I suffer from anxiety and have been taking Xanax PRN to treat the attacks. It seems that the user response to this drug does vary greatly. I am very reactive to mosquito bites and take benedryl frequently. I get no sedative effect from benedryl. 

The first night taking this drug it took about an hour for any sedative effect to kick in and shortly after I went to bed. The following day I felt rested and not groggy at all, however I did experience blurred vision at things in the distance. 

The second night I took it and didn't notice any sedative effect after an hour. I went to bed and woke up feeling fine. Vision seems to be normal."
3905	1.0	This medicine is a complete joke for anxiety or panic attacks. The only thing it did for me was after taking it at night I would wake up with horrible body aches like I had the flu.
3906	1.0	I was instructed to take this as needed for anxiety, however, it never helped. Which surprised my providers. I went through multiple doses before I was finally able to stop it and switch to a much more effective medication.
3907	1.0	Made it worse heart pounding stomach hurt first anxiety meds I've tried
3908	10.0	I quit using meth a year ago and have had random anxiety, panic attacks, and an insane racing heart all the time.  Xanax and benzos make me way uncomfortable so my Dr prescribed me Hydroxyzine.  It works AMAZING for me.  If you can get the pressed pills instead of the capsules.  Sometimes the whole 25mgs makes me to tired especially if I'm at work.  With the pressed pill it's easy to just take half. I really recommend for anyone who hasn't found something else that works
3909	1.0	Was given this after a severe panic attack at the local ER. 3 hours later the attack subsided. This medication has no beneficial panic attack relief.
3910	10.0	I've been on this medicine for 2 years now and it continues to work well against anxiety and panic attacks. I take a 25 mg pill per day. At first, I experienced slight drowsiness and wanted to sleep a lot, but after a few days these side effects went away completely. Skipping a dose won't affect me, but after skipping several doses once I felt nervous, irritated and had trouble sleeping. Overall, it's good and reliable.
3911	2.0	Made my hair fall out extremely bad. I think this drug made my anxiety worse.
3912	7.0	I take Hydroxyzine when I need it but taking it twice a day with eight hours in between gives me lots of drowsiness at around 9:00 each time. I've been taking it less now that I don't need it as much. I have no problems besides the major drowsiness and am getting great results even without taking the medicine my anxiety has improved dramatically. I should consider that fact that my size is smaller than that of an adult so the medicine probably stays in my system for longer period of time. But I highly recommend this for anyone with anxiety.
3913	6.0	I have had severe Panic Disorder and Anxiety since I was 18. I am now many years older and still have a lot of problems with it. I was prescribed Hydroxyzine and paxil recently. I take 25 mg twice a day as needed and overall, I would say they do cut the edge off and allow me to escape the fight or flight feeling of complete panic. The tired laggy drained feeling is a definite negative although I will take that over a trip to the ER anyday. Utimately I think other medications are far superior in truly calming the symptoms of Anxiety, actually calming the mind as well as the body. Hydroxyzine usually seems to just make you sleepy and kind of sleep the fear away, whereas other medications like Benzo's calm you completely, without the lag.
3914	8.0	was given hydroxyzine 25 mg for anxiety about three weeks ago along with lexapro  5mg I finally decided to take one last night for sleep and it was the best thing I did I finally slept good after 3 weeks I don't know what took me so long to take it ,this morning I woke up feeling cloudy and a little bit of a hangover feeling but not too bad I'm guessing my body will adjust to it the more I take the pill also I'm moving alittle slower at work today due to the cloudiness in my brain but not anything that I can't handle again might be a side effect while my body adjust
3915	8.0	"This medication was prescribed to me for my anxiety (pretty extreme), panic attacks, PTSD, OCD, and insomnia. It does a really good job of quieting my mind so my active commentary is pretty much gone, but I do have moments where I go numb and moments where I kind of ""come to"" while I'm awake. I am still adjusting to the medication though, but I am very hopeful."
3916	2.0	"I was given Vistaril for anxiety, to be used ""as needed"" for my panic/anxiety attacks, and for me, it did nothing but make me a little sleepy. I know most anti-panic drugs are sedatives, but those generally do more than make you tired. This one just made me tired and freaked out."
3917	1.0	"Don't take this drug !! It caused me to have horrendously bad dreams. They were terrifying. My anxiety has worsened by 100 percent. I'm fearful of going to sleep. I've not slept more than three hours a night for two weeks. Another side effect I experienced was hair loss and vertigo. Thanks to my "" doctor "" I have regular episodes of vertigo which I had never experienced in my life. Stay away from this drug !"
3918	4.0	Definitely helps me sleep through the panic/anxiety/insomnia at night, my side effects were quite severe -  daytime fatigue, irritability, dry mouth and rapidly deteriorating vision (blurred). As a very short-term aid, this drug was great, but after 3 months, I'm ready to go drug-free and see how I feel.
3919	1.0	I was to told to take 50mg every 6 hours for Anxiety. My anxiety is very extreme. This drug does nothing for me. I am also taking 30mg of Remeron at night.
3920	1.0	I was prescribed this to help with my anxiety. It felt like I took Xanax and I could not stay awake. The next day it was hard waking and getting up. I definitely wont take this anymore lol.
3921	9.0	Good experience; have some sleepiness/sluggishness (not sure if related)???
3922	9.0	This works well for me while not coupled with any other substances. I took it about a decade ago with Paxil and did not notice any benefiial affects because I was so sedated and out of it from the Paxil but now I am taking it without any other substances and I notice a very beneficial affect. Only downside is it makes you pretty tired. I have been combatting the feeling w/caffeine, which works for me but may not work for everyone... have sleep panic attacks and night terrors and this is the only thing that's made me sleep soundly in as long as I can remember.
3923	8.0	This is very good for first time anxiety. It makes you feel drowsy which helps to calm you. Excessive tiredness was the only real side effect I had. However, this may not work for everyone because it does not treat the psychological aspect of anxiety. So even if it makes you tired, you may still feel very anxious. It makes for good short term treatment, but I would talk to a doctor for something else for long term control. On the whole it has helped me very much because I can take it as needed, it's not habit forming, and it's pretty inexpensive. I am happy with the way it has helped me.
3924	8.0	I take it 3 times a day and it has worked like magic. Almost all my panic attacks have gone away, and just most of my anxiety in general. My only complaint is that i have trouble staying awake in class and at home, but that's probably because I'm also on a couple of other anxiety meds too. Overall, this med has helped me tremendously and I'm really glad i found something that worked
3925	9.0	Helped
3926	8.0	"I'm 20 yrs old and Ive been taking this drug for about a month now. I am supposed to take this whenever I have a panic attack but I usually take 1 25mg before bed to calm me down sometimes. It really helps when I'm so anxious that I can't fall asleep. Although I think I might need a higher dose soon. my only complaint is the dry mouth and after waking up you feel really drowsy and you almost have a ""light"" feeling (not high, its different). Overall I would recommend taking this in the evening if you just need to calm down a bit to sleep."
3927	1.0	Got the prescription of the hydroxyzine 25mgs on a Friday.  Picked up my prescription on my way to work.  I took 1 pill.  I felt great and energetic before I took the pill and probably about 30-50 min., I was in sleep mode.  On Saturday, I took a pill in the morning...  just to see if it was really the new meds that caused me to feel this way.  Yes, same thing happened to me.... I developed extreme dry mouth, extremely tired ( worse than a hangover).  All I wanted to do is go lay in my bed and sleep.  I stopped taking this medication.  I had to work on Sunday evening.  This pill would not get out of my system.  I drank 2 cups of coffee, chugged water...  couldn't get the zombie/sleepy feeling out of my body.  BAD BAD MEDICINE!
3928	1.0	I don't know why they prescribed this for anxiety. It just feelsvlike a high dose of benadryl and I am just waiting for tu feeling to end, then I wake up feeling like my head is heavy and a lot of pressure. It is very unpleasant. Never taking it again.
3929	8.0	On a low dose (25mg) but helped with anxiety and depression, i feel much better since ive been on it. helped lower feelings of sadness and anxiety, makes it easier to live life.
3930	5.0	I took this for a while. Have not taken it in like 1 year, boy can I tell a difference. When I do take it I'm calm and can sleep good. Needless to say that the past year I've had major anxiety attacks, I'm going to ask my Dr to prescribe them again since it seems to calm me down.
3931	9.0	I take 200 mgs at night, it lets me sleep and calms down my mind. It also helps with my eczema and nasal congestion. Warning!!!Do not take this drug if u had or have any heart problems!!!
3932	10.0	"Here's what I have gathered so far.

My quick background:
doctor prescribed visatril and 20mg prozac.

* I take 50mg every 4 hours
* I have really bad hand tremors but I always have a slightly shaky hand so it doesn't bother me too much.
* I also get sensitive hands because I can't stop squeezing my hands together and rubbing on it.
* super dry mouth/constant thirst
* easier time singing
* I take 2 to sleep

Along with other symptoms. But honestly being able to get out of bed and be able to say hi to my husband and greet teachers at my kids school without wanting to die is well worth the side effects.

Although I think the side effects are just my body getting to do what it wants to do without my anxiety trying to suppress it"
3933	1.0	My fiancé started this and within a day the worst experience ever. She is a zombie I can't talk to her. Tonight she wrecked our car with our baby inside, lost her phone drove off made it home and 2 hours later when I finally found her she acted like nothing happened. I have never seen her so low and completely out of it. She falls asleep walking
3934	4.0	Faithfully taking 25 mg/day with Prozac to help with anxiety and depression. I worry more now than ever. Not pleased with this new concoction.
3935	8.0	I was prescribed 10 MG for my anxiety and panic attacks and to help me sleep. I like to use it when I just need to clear my head after a stressful day (don't take that the wrong way- I don't abuse it) to help me get to sleep. It usually puts me out pretty soon but latley it hasn't. Don't know what's up with that..
3936	9.0	I've been take Atarax 50's 3x's daily PRN.. I also take Ativan.. but only if absolutely needed.. I have found that Atarax helps me emensely (sp).. It doesn't make me tired or groggy anymore.. It just calms me down when having some anxiety or feeling out of sorts with my mood.. It does a good job at leveling me out
3937	2.0	It made me very sleepy.  I didn't like feeling so tired.  With other medications for anxiety I had more sense of calmness rather than just feeling loopy and tired.  I won't use it again
3938	10.0	Very happy with my experience taking 50 mg. as needed for anxiety and insomnia issues. This med takes the major edge off and calms me and I sleep well. I am also taking Lexapro, which controls my panic attacks but I still experience occasional episodes and this med is perfect. Gets a 10 as a non-addictive alternative to benzos!
3939	10.0	Today I started taking my prescription Hydroxyzine 25 mg for anxiety. So far so good it's relaxing me which I love , I'm told that I can take it 3x daily if needed so far I only took 1 it has been 6hours as we speak. So I'm going to give it a 10
3940	10.0	I have been taking hydroxyzine for social phobia and chronic anxiety and panic attacks for over 7 years. It is the only med that has helped. I tried everything! Helps with sleep. Works like a Xanax and klonopin where you take as needed. But I also take at night for sleep. I would definitely recommend!!!!
3941	1.0	I have just started this med. This is day 3 of taking it and it has not helped with anxiety at all. In some ways it makes it worse. It clouds my head and not being able to think heightens my anxiety. It does although put me to sleep within a couple hours (Zzzquil does that job better though), but the anxiety stays present.
3942	8.0	Ice been taking hydroxy 50mg for a month now for anxiety and it does calm me down and not to mention the itching every where i get on my body when being anxious. Love it i usually try and take it at bed time only cuz it does knock me out
3943	4.0	I suffer from extreme panic attacks when being alone and I feel that all this medication did was make me extremely drowsy. The first two days I took this medication, all I could do and wanted to do was lie around. I had no motivation to do much and I felt on edge. Although it gave me a calming affect and helped my anxiety a little, I wish this wouldn't make me so drowsy. Will talk to doctor and hopefully be prescribed something different.
3944	8.0	I was recently diagnosed with anxiety, like 1 month ago. I really thought I was going to die, anxiety was the worst thing that ever happened to me, it frustrated me to hear the doctors say just deep breath your not going to die, like they truly didn't understand the feeling, anxiety is the worst feeling ever, I cried 3 days straight constantly feeling like the air was being taken from me and just depressed it was hard to describe the amount of emotions I felt. My doctor prescribed this medication and to be honest it's the best thing that ever happened to me. From now and then I can feel my chest tightening but never as severe. I just want to let those who feel helpless know if I got through it you can to be strong you can do it
3945	6.0	I started taking this about a month ago because my anxiety gradually got so bad that I didn't sleep for a week. The first few nights it worked amazingly but it was difficult to wake up but then I'd be very alert and awake all day. However, my doctor told me to take it twenty minutes before bed and I would not feel the effect until much later. I actually took my dose about 40 mins ago and I'm just now starting to relax.
3946	1.0	Was prescribed hydroxyzine originally by a doctor who saw me in an ER for a panic attack. Since taking hydroxyzine everything has gotten worse. Even though I've stopped taking it, I'm still not back to where I was. Since taking hydroxyzine, I've hit an a new low &amp; I'm having trouble coming back from it. While on hydroxyzine I thought I was going insane. Seeing things, hearing voices telling me to kill myself, paranoid to the point that I felt like people were following me &amp; out to get me, started smoking, barely slept &amp; always felt like a ticking time bomb. Quit my job outta nowhere because I couldn't handle anymore stress, getting outta bed every day was too hard. This medicine is horrible. Wouldn't recommend to anyone with depression/anxi
3947	5.0	I've dealt with severe panic disorder my whole life, if i feel on the edge i will take the hydroxzine and it will take my anxiety down and help me rest. The down side is if i go into a severe panic attack it does nothing for me. I had to go to court so i took six 50mg (every 2 hours) it had no effect because i hate standing in front of people, i was still panicking. Where i live (and probably most places now) people take advantage of benzodiazepine and other drugs so no doctor will prescribe them to me. I am the exact person that needs them and i will not take advantage. I have never tried xanax because I don't take anything that's not prescribed to me, but I'm curious to see if it would work because I'm desperate.
3948	10.0	I have been struggling my entire life with mental health issues that I didn't realize were there. I have extreme anxiety and have always found it so hard to talk to people with out stuttering and feeling stupid. I experimented many different meds Vistaril seriously changed my life. I am so much happier and so much calmer than I've ever been, I feel like a new person.
3949	4.0	"I'm prescribed 3 max MG a day for 5 years and it never has worked for me .
I freak out all the time but the Dr I think gets some sort of deal due to they still want me to take them."
3950	7.0	This medication coupled with a benzodiazepine is wonderful. It makes your body feel better and is non addicting.
3951	6.0	"It works very well for me as a rescue medicine. If taken mid panic attack it definitely helps to calm me; however, if I take it before I am going to be in a situation that I know will cause anxiety it doesn't have much of an effect to keep me from having an attack.
It definitely makes me sleepy."
3952	10.0	I got a little nervous after talking to hey friend I haven't seen in over a year and as soon as I took the pill after about a minute I felt great.
3953	10.0	Started this med two weeks ago. I have anxiety and bi polar and I'm on 25mg twice a day as needed, I've taken all but one dose since prescribed. It has helped me a lot. I have been a lot less irritable, I've had less muscle tension and plainly more functional day to day. I definitely still have a good bit of anxiety but this has made a noticable difference. I have had no side effects at all which is a miracle since I usually get every single side effect to every med I take. Hoping to move up a dose soon to see if that helps. Love this medicine.
3954	1.0	I asked for this medication on advice from a person who said it worked great. I have Xanax for anxiety from perimenopause and didn't want to rely on a benzo when things get really bad. I only take Xanax very rarely but thought if there was something non addictive that would help, that would be great. I regret taking the first 10mg pill. I felt like I was having my heart racing in my sleep after taking the pill at bedtime. I woke groggy and out of it. It is now the next day and I am a walking zombie with anxiety and dizziness. I feel like I can't function and when I tried to nap, I could feel my heart racing again. I feel so out of it and just found out that this will not leave my system for up to 40 hours. I feel disconnected and blah.
3955	3.0	"Just woke up from sleep, for the 6th time in the space of an hour. This thing give me weird dreams, and I'm not joking by that. I almost felt I was developing schizophrenia. It seems to blur the distinction between the dream state and reality: I was asleep but I could still move, although in a very slow, paralyzed manner. The interactions with people in my dreams were insanely vivid. This is not the first time, but the dreams have never been this wild!
Tired, but scared to go back to sleep.

Oh, it does help with slowing down the body and relaxing muscle, but it seems to wear off as quickly as it sets on."
3956	8.0	"Not for everyone... BUT; I myself had a great experience with this drug. I was prescribed for my anxiety (mostly at night before bed) and it works wonderfully. Not a ""high"" feeling whatsoever, but simply relaxed, maybe a bit drowsy, but definitely not high. Great for anxiety, but everyone's different."
3957	9.0	Due to family illnesses, family addictions and marital problems I had been having severe anxiety and panic attacks that seemed to be getting worse and I was having difficulty sleeping at night. I was prescribed 50mg Hydroxyzine up to 3 times a day as needed for anxiety. After about 10 mins of taking my first dose it was as if someone snapped there fingers and the weight of the world was finally lifted off my chest and I could breath. This really helped melt away my anxiety. I didn't feel numb or drugged but I felt relaxed. It was like a heavy, and grounded feeling. I did sleep a lot the first two days I took it but I feel like that was due to my body finally getting to catch up on some much needed rest. I feel like in have my life back :-)
3958	2.0	"I was prescribed this at a in patient drug rehab center. They wouldn't allow me to stay on my klonopin or any other""Benzos"". I ended up being very sick and the rehab center sent me out to hospital after I had a seziure from withdrawal. The hospitalI was put  in  gave me a shot of valium. Then by mouth they put me on phenobarbital. Anyhow, the hydroxyzine did nothing for me personally. I never abused my klonopins or urgeso many people dying by taking handfuls of them is making it hard to find a psychiatrist who should know not all people on klonopin,xanax, etc. 
have anxiety they taste it for a buzz or to sell. It makes it hard on is who really do have panic/anxiety disorders, and P.T.S.D. I think hydroxyzine is nothing better then a benadryl."
3959	8.0	It didn't have much effect the first 2 nights but , after that I've had the most vivid dream state i have ever experienced &amp; stay asleep throughout the entire night , sometimes I wake up well rested and there are times I wake up really drowsy. It kinda helps me calm down at night I haven't taken any during the day because I don't want to fall asleep during the day but overall it helps me a lot. Better than any other medication for insomnia that I have taken.
3960	10.0	"Hydroxyzine and Benadryl saved my life!!!
I took a trip for 4 months to Wisconsin. In the last month I was full blown with panic, sense of fear, insomnia, fear of being alone! I thought it must be from stress, but I was wrong! I left that state and returned to Florida, my home land, and again the insane anxiety, and after 2 trips to ER I was prescribed hydroxyzine. Walla my suicidal thoughts were gone! And now I can sense the symptoms coming and I pop a pill of either and I'm good. ❤"
3961	1.0	This med is so wrong for me that i had tightness in both sides of my chest i freaked out .I am bi-polar and  anxiety is very hard to live with. My chest got tight then it went in to a panic attack .Let it be used for what its meant for  NOT FOR ME!!!!!
3962	7.0	I was prescribed Atarax taking 25mg up to 3x daily or as needed. The first few days it made me groggy and want to sleep and experience very vivid dreams and nightmares. After a few days the grogginess went away and it actually helped me function while having high anxiety and helped to calm me. I still experience nightmares more often than I'd like to but I'd rather be functioning daily so I keep taking it
3963	5.0	I have only been taking this medicine for 3 days now but I am extremely sensitive to medication so I usually know quite quickly how it effects me. It makes me extremely drowsy and also makes the bottom half of my face feel slightly numb. I also feel like I am about to pass out frequently which is not great. I hope it evens out after a while. It was prescribed to me to take the place of Xanax and to help me sleep. I was prescribed 25mg to take 1-2 twice daily as needed. I have already cut it down to 1 once a day about an hour before I go to bed. It does help me sleep, but it makes it difficult to wake up in the morning. It also helps with my anxiety.
3964	9.0	I was given this for my anxiety.  I take it when I feel a really bad spell and 15 min later I am calmed down and can function again.  I absolutely love it.  It does not make me sleepy but I have seemed to have gotten more vivid dreams since being on it.
3965	1.0	"I was dealing with stress and anxiety super bad after my second baby was born, about 6 months ago...I was prescribed 25 mg to help. I would take the pill when I was feeling super stressed and anxious and felt soming, I guess, very subtle, I was hoping to feel an obvious calm about my body and thoughts...NOT with this med.  I also had very vivid sacked out dreams and the worst part hands down is the fog of exhaustion I would feel the next day!
Don't take this if you need to be productive or need quick relief from anxiety, at LEAST that's my experience."
3966	6.0	I feel a little bit more calm, ofcourse it wont completly make your anxiety disdapear but i feel better than usual, it helps me sleep good, makes me have weird crazy dreams but not bad. I take it right before i close my eyes, its better to take it right exactly when you're going to sleep, i feel its more effective.
3967	1.0	This stuff is retched. I was given this by my psychiatrist for insomnia and anxiety, while it worked okay for my insomnia the first couple of uses, it no longer does anything at all. It didn't do anything for my anxiety or panic. I took it when I started having a panic attack and I felt as though I was having an attack while encased in jello. It gave me an awful exhaustion hang over for days after taking it. It also gave me a tremor that still hasn't gone away. Honestly, it was insulting enough that I was prescribed an antihistamine for severe anxiety, but now I'm stuck with all my original issues and a tremor too.
3968	9.0	I love this medication, I've been on it for years and it does double duty for me- Both as an allergy medication and Anxiety. While I've built up a tolerance to if over the years, I love that it's non-addictive and calms my mind enough that I can relax. While it doesn't make me sleepy, it does allow me to be calm and after an episode of high anxiety, this often does lead me to sleep. While not for everyone, I personally love it.
3969	1.0	hydroxyzine is totally worthless. cain't afford to waste money on scrips that don't work
3970	9.0	Really good!!!!! I like atarax. Because: not addictive, makes me calm (and sleepy), calms anger restlessness and anxiety altogether. I am also on cymbalta and without cymbalta the atarax would probably be less effective. Atarax is my go-to when im anxious and i love it:)
3971	2.0	This medication is for my anxiety it knocks me out. I cannot function while on it. My doctor even halfed the dosage. It doesn't help. I don't think I'll ever take it again.
3972	1.0	This drug is so incredibly strong. I was prescribed 25 mg for anxiety. I tried it for the first time tonight and I felt the effects after an hour. It made me feel even more anxious because it was so strong and I was not expecting it to be like this. It feels like a really strong/weird high. I was having a little issues breathing and I was seriously considering going to the ER. If you have bad anxiety I would not recommend this drug. I did however pass out after 3 hours and I had the coolest dream! I just woke up after about 3 hours of sleep, even though the purpose was to keep me asleep. If you do take this drug, I recommend taking it at night because you will pass out and be extremely slow and sluggish.  I'm just happy to be alive!! :)
3973	1.0	I was given hydroxyzine as an alternative to lorazepam since my doctor told me I need to start taking a non addictive alternative. I take my pills at night to help calm my mind so I can go to sleep. Well, the hydroxyzine made me incredibly drowsy and didn't much help with my anxiety. I got to sleep but I remember not being able to get certain images out of my head and the dreams were a little vivid. When I woke up in the morning I was still drowsy, almost as if I didn't just sleep 8 hours. The drowsiness lasted all day and that was the last time I took that medication. Would not recommend for anxiety.
3974	4.0	I was given Vistaril for PTSD/AAD (Acute Anxiety Disorder) and I really don't like it. Initially it helps with anxiety but if I am stressed at all or put in a situation with stress its so much worse than without the medicine. It also makes it really difficult to function normally; I feel like I'm wading through jello and my brain is about 4 seconds behind. We are going to try Xanax at my next visit.
3975	2.0	My Dr prescribed me with hydroxyzine for sleep and anxiety and it works but the next day you feel too tired and if you suffer from depression it can make you some what suicidal because it made me feel very foggy and I couldn't focus or concentrate on anything
3976	9.0	It has been a breathe of fresh air!!!!!! No yelling or other offensive moves and I can be at peace for 1 time I've taken 2 tablet's 3 time's a day 
3977	1.0	My GP prescribed this for anxiety and directed that I take it every 8 hours. Now I have dealt with anxiety and severe panic attacks need immediate relief. This medication was not the one to do that for me. It made me very drowsy and at the same time I still had anxiety. This is not for someone who has a busy schedule because it will sedate you. I think this medication should only be used for its initial intent to control itching. Otherwise it was a waste for me.
3978	5.0	This med causes me severe headaches and helps with anxiety some but the pain in my head only grows worse each day along with blurred vision and highly increased appetite and dry mouth. Not worth the daily headaches. Using an antihistamine for anxiety and blood pressure meds like clonidine, said to help with my adhd that does nothing for my focus,  is a mixture of insanity. Im over the vistaril after a month of more intense headaches everyday.
3979	1.0	Unfortunately this medication disrupted my entire day at work the next day, and I felt very depressed and exhausted. This is supposedly a safe medication but my experience was not positive
3980	1.0	My psych. put me on this yesterday and I took it today for the first time this morning. It made me feel cloudy all day and it made my anxiety worse. Ativan works way better! Never taking Vistaril ever again!
3981	3.0	I started this medication last night and was put on it for Anxiety. 20 minutes after taking it I got really relaxed but then the relaxation started turning into a battle to stay awake. I felt a little weird while on it, like I was floating. I had to lay in bed, which I was able to fall asleep incredibly fast. I slept for about 7 hours before I had to get up to use the restroom. The hang over the next day was horrible, I ended up staying in bed all morning, not sleepy but too groggy to get up and start my day. I'm not sure if this is going to work for my anxiety but it works great for getting sleep.
3982	1.0	Vistaril is a horrible medication for anxiety it does absolutely nothing benzos work the best
3983	9.0	"Hydroxyzine is a pretty great medication for me. I mean, it isn't a perfect drug; I feel slightly foggy and out-of-it whenever I use this medication and the only thing it does for my anxiety is to take the edge off. 

That being said, hydroxyzine is pretty much exactly what I've been looking for. It takes care of my anxiety when it's worse than usual but not nearly intense enough for me to feel justified in using a benzodiazepine while only causing a minor degree of cognitive impairment. 

Be sure to take this medication with a few glasses of water and some food (and maybe even an antacid), as hydroxyzine is dehydrating and can cause heartburn or other stomach issues if taken on an empty stomach."
3984	1.0	I was prescribed Atarax for my anxiety disorder. It did not help at all &amp; only made me so tired I couldn't function. Definitely a waste!
3985	1.0	vistaril it's what they give to people in jail, if you have bad insurance this is what you get or they will offer you Benadryl. both made me feel terrible.
3986	10.0	"I used to take this medication for panic attacks, and it worked absolute wonders. It took about 30 minutes to kick in but really calmed me down and it wasn't at all addictive. I later found out I have severe hereditary liver problems and it has a bad interaction with what I have to take to keep my liver in check, so I can no longer take it. With the medicines combined I just felt foggy and had to sleep for at least 15 hours if I had to take a vistaril, I couldn't keep my eyes open and function until I'd slept it off.

I'm now trying out Xanax, and I don't really like it, vistaril kept me calm longer and was just amazing when I needed it. With Xanax the half life is just terrible and I end up with a worse panic attack than I began with."
3987	1.0	Terrible experience for me. My body shook and twitched. I also felt very suicidal while on it. Not good for me.
3988	1.0	Took about 10 minutes to kick in. Felt like a total zombie all night, I was completely useless. The next day I was dizzy. Boo, atarax!
3989	1.0	I have anxiety/panic attacks. Was using Ativan and it was great. Calmed me immediately, didn't make me drowsy or put of it but psychiatrist told me some people's depression gets worse. Mine didn't but she made me switch to Vistaril which does nothing for me. I've tried taking several at a time and still doesn't help. I really wish I could go back to Ativan. Hopefully next appointment she'll let me. I cannot stand feeling like I'm having a heart attack anymore!
3990	9.0	This medication works best for spontaneous anxiety but also is effective for chronic anxiety. I love that, unlike benzos, you do not become physically dependent, so you can stop anytime without withdrawals. In addition it is 100x better for allergies than diphenhydramine (Benadryl).
3991	1.0	"I was prescribed this for my anxiety disorder, and I'm really disappointed. It did absolutely nothing for me, which for obvious reasons, is frustrating in times of extreme anxiety. Taking a ""rescue medication"" and help never coming was hard for me personally. Others say it works great, but I suppose it depends on the person."
3992	1.0	I was given this medication in the emergency room for the anxiety I was having. It did nothing for me. I'm bipolar plus I have anxiety. I'm looking for something new. I was on klonopin but was taken off of it because it's highly addictive. I had taken that for 24 years. That helped a lot. I'm disappointed that atarax didn't work.
3993	10.0	"I have hereditary Depression, Bipolar Type 2, PTSD, High Anxiety, Insomnia, and I am also breast feeding baby #4. (I also suffer from Severe Post Partum Depression beginning late in my pregnancies.) I have been on over 50 combinations of medications.
  (I caution you readers to be leery of reviews by those who prior took addictive medications to Vistaril, as they may have formed a biased addiction to their previous meds.)
  I am currently taking Prozac and Vistaril. My best medication combination when not pregnant or breast feeding was Prozac and Doxepin. The Vistaril is helping so greatly with both my anxiety and insomnia that I am switching permanently! I can even take Vistaril if my anxiety flares, plus it is not addictive! Loving it!!!"
3994	9.0	I am very pleased with Hydroxyzine. It is non-addictive &amp; it always helps with my panic attacks &amp; anxiety. It doesn't always get rid my anxiety completely, but it definitely takes the edge off of it, which is enough to help me function. The only side effect I sometimes get is dry mouth, so make sure to drink plenty of water if that happens to you. Biotene mouthwash also helps with that. Hydroxyzine can make you sleepy, so don't try to drive or do anything productive, until you see how it affects you.
3995	8.0	"I just took this for the first time about 2 hours ago. I read a lot of the reviews on this site before starting to take it and saw a lot of negative posts on the pill and on its effects. Going into it, I didn't expect it to ""cure"" or completely ""rid"" me of anxiety like I feel like a lot of other reviewers on here did, which lead to their negative takes on it. I more so just wanted to see how I would respond. I found that it took about an hour (maybe a little less) to kick in. I also found that it calmed me down quite a lot. I only took a 25mg capsule. I've seen a lot of reviewers saying that it ""sedated"" them. I didn't feel deadly tired, just nice and calm. First time all day not feeling anxiety. So I give this one a thumbs up."
3996	8.0	This stuff is like an OTC version of Benadryl (it's an anti-histamine).  It has been helping me ween off of the Klonopin I've been taking to help me sleep for the last 2 years.  This stuff takes almost an hour to kick in, but when it does, it almost always kills my anxiety at times when benzos didn't.  If you're gonna take it for sleep, take it at least an hour before you plan on going to bed and make sure you have 8 to 9 hours to sleep because it will knock you out.  Grogginess is it's biggest negative, along with tolerance building up fast, so I try to take every other day if I can, though it's non-addictive and safe to take regularly at least far safer than a benzo.
3997	8.0	I have been on this med for a week and so far, so good.  It is working much better than Buspar, which I was using for 6 months which is good for mild anxiety, but not for extreme anxiety (IMO).  Of course, Klonopin is the best but it is an addictive Benzo and docs dont like prescribing it...too bad, cause that would be rated a 10!
3998	6.0	I went to the hospital today and was prescribed Vistasil 25mg 4 times a day, but before checking out of the hospital I was given 50mg(the green and white capsule) and everything was ok until after dinner, I had palpitations (the #1 thing I ended up in the hospital) and chest pain little to mild didn't last long, and I took my bp readings while I was experiencing this and my bp was 132/84 HR 109(prehypertension), I don't have high blood pressure so yeah it was weird and scary!
3999	10.0	I'm on 6 different medications for anxiety/depression/personality disorder. Have been for 7 years now. Atarax being the most recently added. Love it. I'm used to very strong medications and this one helps calm me without making me feel too tired
4000	5.0	"Have been on Xanax since I lost my brother. I was thirty-nine. It helped with grieving, especially while working. Through the years I've been prescribed Xanax for sleeping .25. Through the years I've developed Fibromyalsia which one symtom is sound, refreshing sleep. After consulting specialists and pain mgt, the decision was use Xanax along with Prozac to get to sleep and stay asleep. Now , after I moved I went to a new dr who refuses to prescribe Xanax. He used the term I am too ""old"" to keep taking Xanax. Worked fine for many years, now he is changing my mode of life. Today he prescribed vistaril. Will see tonight if I can sleep. He initially cut the Xanax I was using by 2/3. I was prescribed take 3 -.25 mg at bedtime. Hope it works!"
4001	1.0	This stuff is terrible. A few months ago, my Dr. prescribed me 25mg....it actually makes my anxiety worse. To top that, my legs get so restless I can barely hold still. The funny part is, it does make me tired....but it's like it's not blocking the anxiety. It's so frustrating, I'm ready to flush the remainder down the toilet where it belongs!
4002	1.0	"Unfortunately I had started seeing a new Dr that didn't believe in using any benzo's. She took me off my 9  yrs of benzo therapy &amp; prescribed Vistaril. Started with 25-50 mg, 4-6 times a day. It wasn't long before she raised me to, literally, up to 150 MG's, titrated over 40-45 mins! That was ridiculous, it also did nothing. 
Now I use my Vistaril for my allergies &amp; my current Dr has me alternating 3 x's each, approx 3-4 hrs apart - Xanax 2 mg with Vistaril 25-50 mg to ""extend"" the Xanax.
IMO, this medication stinks!! Doesn't even assist me to sleep."
4003	1.0	Did absolutely nothing for me. If I could rate a 0 I would.
4004	2.0	This stuff is useless. I keep it around because it does wonders for my hay-fever. As to anxiety I'll stick with serax or xanax.
4005	1.0	"I was prescribed this medication when I suffered a severe anxiety attack. I had mild attacks before, but I honestly thought I would die that day. 
I took one pill and it knocked me out for 12 hours! I was sitting in class a week later and I felt another anxiety attack coming on so, remembering what happened with the last pill, I bit the pill in half and took the smaller piece. It knocked me out for 8 hours!!! Good thing I didn't have to work that day! I have never taken anything for my anxiety previously but I wanted to get my attacks under control. I discovered meditation works best! If you have never tried it...find a local class and sit through it!! I promise it will help you find the peace you are seeking!!"
4006	3.0	Hydroxyzine was the first medication I was put on for anxiety. It was a 25mg pill that I took 3 times a day. It didn't do a lot for my anxiety at all, it only made me really tired. I would sleep all day and all night. It obviously did help with my insomnia, however I needed a medication that would calm me down and keep me awake. I was only on this medication for about a week until it broke me out in hives.
4007	6.0	"I was prescribed this medication by my doctor for on-the-spot anxiety as opposed to constant anxiety because I expressed disinterest in daily doses of anti-depressants and similar medications. This is my first time trying it as I write this review.

To make it short and sweet, I rated this 6/10 not because it didn't work very well, but because it took about an hour for me to feel the full effect. It gets bonus points for NOT causing nausea or any negative side effects that I can sense, unless you consider drowsiness one. Since I took mine at night, it was a plus for my insomnia. Made me very groggy, but not -too- sluggish feeling. Definitely enough to put you out if you lay down. I feel very mellow and generally decent."
4008	1.0	Literally did nothing for my anxiety. Made me really sleepy but not sleepy enough to pass out. It just made me super sluggish.
4009	8.0	I have social/general anxiety and insomnia. For the first week 50mg of Hydroxizine knocked me out at night for 10-12 hours.  Now it is not working as well as it is causing restless legs AND arms. I've been able to take less Prozac (from 20mg to 10) and less Trazodone(100mg. to 50) without side effects, I hope to discontinue those. I am allergic to most everything, hydroxyzine helps with those (even cat allergy!) I'm not energetic but will discontinue other meds as they add to that in combination of all. Wasn't nervous at husbands large family holiday get together which was REALLY NICE! (50mg) Also most importantly, completely fixes the inability to achieve orgasm noted from Prozac 
4010	1.0	This has made my anxiety worse. I feel this terrible high. I don't even feel like myself. My body is twitching and I been crying for 3 hours. It is really scaring me. I feel out of this world and not in a good way.
4011	7.0	I have anxiety and did not realise till I took only a 1/4 of my 25ml tab how much it was effecting me. Today I have felt more able and productive and had a day without anxiety feels amazing. I did have at least 2 memorable dreams that night. I have noticed a slight dry mouth and eyes. This being said I do have ckd and will be going back to docs to make sure kidneys are not being affected and also to ask for the liquid version of this as the other ingredients list more to my preference.... no colour additives from what I've read.
4012	1.0	I have bad anxiety, did not work at all for me, been on buspar, trazadone, xanax, and klonopin. Xanax and klonopin work best.
4013	2.0	Still have anxiety, but my nose has stopped running.
4014	7.0	For anyone taking this medication, do not take it with any kind of antidepressants or mood medication like Celexa, zoloft, tegretol, Xanax, or abilify. Definitely do not take it with ambien. It works wonders by itself, I've been on it since 2005 it helps with the anxiety symptoms I get from my PTSD. Anytime I feel disoriented or way to anxious where I'm throwing up, it usually takes about 30 to 40 minutes to work. But it's better than the feeling of thinking that you are having a heart attack, because it's just panic. Panic attacks can be managed many ways I use breathing techniques, (child breathing will not work lol) meditation, and medication. This is how I deal with that small aspect of my PTSD psychosis.
4015	5.0	I take it often since I have anxiety a lot at school but now I have been very itchy and have had loss of appetite.. It doesn't work that well for anxiety and these side effects are horrible. (It's an as needed)
4016	1.0	I was prescribed this as an as needed a long with a daily but the daily made me so sleepy I couldn't get up with my son so I take this when I can tell its gonna be one of those days that we all know too well.  After taking about 15 of them over  about 3 months I can say it doesn't work for me at all. I continue to have anxiety attacks even when I take it only a couple hours before I have an attack I also asked for something that wouldn't make me sleepy or feel weird and I feel sleepy every time I take it and my hubby tells me that I talk in my sleep when I take it and I always feel bad the day after 
4017	4.0	No negative side effects as of yet. On the other hand, not very many good ones either. It seems to have only worked the first time I took it and it only made me slightly sleepy at best but did make my heart rate go down and it has helped with my withdrawals from benzos.
4018	8.0	"I was on Citalopram and it caused my anxiety to get worse.. My doctor put me on this ""as needed"" and it has worked wonders! I take it with my Lamotrigine (Lamictol)."
4019	1.0	Zero effect on my anxiety. Just made me tired and useless all day. Benzos are the only medications that actually have any effect on it.  I'll be going back to what actually does something.
4020	8.0	I'm currently on 10mg of Calexa but will be increasing to 15mg then to 20mg. This medication helps me get to sleep, it didn't put me to sleep but it helped. It has helped when my anxiety was feeling out of control. I usually take 25mg or 50mg when needed. One side effect is it does make me tired, but when I need to sleep that's ok. Overall not bad.
4021	10.0	Started out with Zoloft only and that helped - however I was still experiencing racing thoughts and bad sleep. Doctor prescribed Hydroxyzine 25 mg (three times a day as needed). I take 50 mg before bed and absolutely feel wonderful the next day. I wake up early, feel great and can get through the day. Been taking this combo for about 7 months now.
4022	10.0	"Very under rated medication.
I find it to be very helpful with other medications.
I do agree that it's not potent enough to treat severe anxiety, but it's very good for mild anxiety.
I'm on Methadone (opiate), and Clonazepam (benzodiazepine), and Hydroxyzine makes BOTH of those potent meds I take work A LOT better. It takes away the nausea and dizziness from my Methadone, takes away the negative side effects and adds to the positive. Same situation with my Clonazepam.
Hydroxyzine is an excellent medication."
4023	5.0	I was given this to treat anxiety after buspar failed to work. It failed to work treating anxiety, but really knocks you out. The first time I took it to relieve anxiety I was asleep in 30 minutes all drowsy and knocked out. I awoke groggy, and wondered what in the hell happened to me.
4024	1.0	I was given vistaril.  It did nothing for my anxiety. I've been taking it for about 7 months. It hasn't done a thing for for. I took 50mgs four times a day. I hate this medication. I was on klonopin which I took for 24 yrs. I went through a lot of withdrawal. Overall not a good medication.
4025	7.0	My wife/altzheimer (extreme anxiety episodes) —Notable improvement after dosage change—
4026	7.0	In the past I did use Xanax but  now use hydroxyzine. It does not make me as sleepy and can stay awake better.
4027	1.0	Did nothing for the anxiety I have. It hepled a titch with the insomnia if I took the maximum dose for the day, but even then if I couldn't sleep when it hit then good luck: would be left feeling odd ,kinda out of it, which made me feel anxious.  I stopped taking it after Dr doubled the dose to no improvement.
4028	8.0	Has helped me sleep and be in a general calm state every day that I take it, which has helped me tremendously. No hang over or grogginess. Just calm.
4029	8.0	Calms and relaxes without grogginess
4030	9.0	Next to medical marijuana, hydroxizine is the only thing that has ever helped me get through all of the withdrawal from the slew of psych meds I've been trying for my bipolar disorder. I'm so grateful for it. And in my opinion and experience, it is definitely As effective as Xanax and klonopin!
4031	8.0	Take the smallest dose possible!  I took 50 mg of this and spent an entire day on the couch feeling dizzy and tired and completely wiped out.  It was only until a family member commented on how my anxiety seemed to be better that I realized it was true. I asked my Dr for the smallest dose and 5 mg. It is enough to calm my anxiety and help me sleep without feeling uselessly tired.  
4032	5.0	This med. is a double edge sword. My Dr. prescribed VISTARIL for my anxiety. It took 3 weeks to wean off Clonopin----never stop cold turkey. By the 3rd. week I was only on Vistaril. At 4 weeks the Vistaril was working better than anything I have EVER taken for acute anxiety. I was truly amazed and happy. So why did I only give it a 5 rating ? ? ? A DRAMATIC increase in appetite and a even more DRAMATIC weight gain. 13 pounds in one month. As good as Vistaril works I am going to have to go off of it. In 15 years I have gained no weight and I have not experienced hunger like this in my life. So, I will ween off,  then work like crazy to shed this weight...not looking forward to that.  I am sad :(
4033	4.0	Well, I started this medication at 50 mg, 4 times daily as needed. The only time I noticed that it helped or worked, was the first time I took it. All it does is sedate me extremely.
4034	3.0	I took 2 25mg pills last night.  Woke up today with bad headache and dry mouth. I had some bizarre dreams on the stuff and felt a bit of an antihistamine hangover.  A few convulsions in my sleep.  I think next time I will try 12.5 mg's.  I have a tolerance to everything except antihistamines for some reason.  I did not care for the crappy side effects I experienced upon waking up the next day.  Dehydrated, sluggish, dizzy, depressed, dry mouth
4035	8.0	I suffer from Anxiety, Depression, and Alcoholism (in recovery). I've been using Vistaril at 50 mg. three times per day for about 6 months now. I find it works well in combination with with Neurontin (Gabapentin). I like that the drug is non-addictive and available as a generic with little cost. I get a stuffy nose intermittently, that I believe to be a side effect of Vistatil, but the benefit outweighs this minor side effect. I would recommend trying this drug if you suffer from anxiety. It works very well for me.
4036	1.0	Had major, life threatening side effects. Ended up with permanent damage. I would not suggest this medication to anyone for anxiety/panic attacks.
4037	1.0	I was prescribed this because I told my doctor that my anxiety is out of hand to the point that I want to increase my Xanax dosage. I told him I knew that that was a bad idea because I don't want to become dependent or addicted. (Psst... I already am.) I've tried SSRI antidepressants (Prozac and Celexa) for anxiety &amp; they both gave me severe sexual side effects (I could no longer feel anything positive sexually). Then I tried Wellbutrin, an atypical antidepressant, &amp; It was very energizing which caused more crippling anxiety. Then I tried Hydroxyzine at 50mg &amp; felt nothing. Then 150mg, still nothing. Then 250mg-still no noticeable changes. I only weigh 120lbs &amp; this med didn't even make me slightly sleepy. Obviously not for everyone.
4038	1.0	I have had high anxiety disorder for as long as I can remember...I have taken many things for it and the only relief I get from it when it is unmanageable by meditation is ativan...I was recently prescribed vistaril and after 8 days and serious side effects have stopped taking it.  I have arythmias and this medication made them worse. I would not recommend this for a gone with any kind of heart issues.. .bad drug
4039	5.0	I been taking 200 mg for about 4 years now . But the problem is it's no longer working for me. My doctor doesn't want to give me anything that's addictive but I don't have a addictive personality over the past 4 or 5 years I have tried at least 5 different pills but none helped but hydroxyzine is good but once you get it build up in your system it no longer works . ( well at least not for me ) but everybody body's different ..... So good luck
4040	10.0	I do not use this for anxiety (I haven't actually tried it for that) but I do use it for sleep, and I must say for me, this stuff works FANTASTIC.  I had issues with insomnia but if I take 100mg of this stuff before bed, I will easily get a full 8 hours of restful sleep (to the point where I can sleep even longer if necessary).
4041	9.0	I have terrible anxiety coupled with really bad tactile disturbances that make me feel like I just want to crawl out of my skin or slough it like a snake. My entire body, including eyes, felt like it was so dry and flakey I couldn't handle it. This med helps so much with that and now I am at least comfortable in my skin even when my anxiety is at its worst.
4042	8.0	I take this for my extreme anxiety disorder. Just 25mg alone will knock me out for hours. Personally it causes me incredibly vivid dreams, a lot of the time they are nightmares. Not sure if it's connected to the medicine, or it's just me. I do wake up feeling an extreme hangover. But it works really well for my anxiety at 50mg.
4043	1.0	I started getting anxious around last year. Never had the feeling before so I went to a doctor and she prescribed this stuff. I'll tell you exactly how you feel with this stuff. If you ever smoked weed, it's like waking up high and staying high the rest of the day until you get a headache in the back of your head (at least for me). Not addicting, but the feeling is calm. Until you stop taking it for a while thinking that your cured. SIKE! Your anxiety just got worse. It's like using a face wash for acne. It won't cure it but it controls it. So then you start taking them again but you start to hate this feeling. It's like you're in a twilight all day. 
4044	4.0	I experience severe social and generalised anxiety. I was given 25mg of Atarax to take twice a day. I didn't feel it relieved my anxiety symptoms. It made me very sleepy. When I awoke in the morning I felt very groggy, constant yawning and didn't feel I could pay attention or properly, function at my job or get housework/errands done. I personally do not find Atarax helpful for anxiety.
4045	7.0	"I got prescribed 50mg of the generic vistaril and took one. Woah. It knocked me out so bad and then all the next day I had a hangover feeling.

I now take 12.5mg and now it helps me sleep but I still have a major hangover feeling the next day and want to just sleep and sleep."
4046	1.0	I took 25mg, and it didn't put me to sleep at all, I stood up the entire night and didn't even go to bed until 3pm, I took it at around midnight . My lips started to feel inflamed and I got tremors which started to scare me a bit. I asked the pharmacist if I can take 50mg and I'm going to try it again tonight, hopefully it works!
4047	1.0	Im 18, and I've never been on medications before... i have performance- and social anxiety. So when i went to my doctors and asked for something to help me survive my everyday life, he recommended Atarax. But i have been taking them for 2 weeks now with no effect what so ever... granted, they are only 10 mg and small as a breadcrumb, but i was at least expecting some effect from it. The only thing i felt was nausea and dizziness.... must say im quite disappointed 
4048	10.0	Having severe anxiety all my life, on and off many different meds, hydroxyzine has been a life saver!!! Only taking it for a month now and I can tell such a huge difference! My anxiety use to rule my life and now I feel like im human again. It takes effect fast with no side effects!! A true miracle drug!!
4049	10.0	I was put on this medication back in may (2015) for anxiety also for detox because I was on xanax for 8years and then I was on clonopin for 3years. Im supposed to be taking this med 3 times a day  (150mg) as needed. I don't take the full max I only take 50 at night and do I sleep good at night I'm usually up at 6am but now I'm waking up at 9 in the morning and I do feel like  I'm on cloud 9 but I feel better being on this med. it also works very well for my eczema
4050	2.0	My GP prescribed this for anxiety. I took one 50mg pill at around 3pm and feel asleep until about 9pm. I stayed up an hour or two (don't really recall, I was very woozy) and fell *back* asleep until 11am the next day. I was groggy all day and a bit so even into the next day. I am scared to take this during the day if I'm having anxiety. I have insomnia and want to try it as a sleep aid, just not if I'm going to sleep and feel groggy for so long. I'll update if I try it.
4051	8.0	Got off of benzos using a Librium detox and after about a week, was having such bad withdrawal I couldn't take it anymore.  On top of all the physical stuff, I felt like I was in a constant state of full blown panic.  My doctor suggested I try this and it's been a life saver.  Does it stop anxiety like a benzo?  No.  Does it take the edge off, most definitely.  I take 50 mg 2- to 4xDay.  It doesn't make me sleepy but it does make me a little dizzy.  I have to wait about an hour after I take it to see if it's going to make me dizzy or not.  When you first start taking it, give yourself some time to see how you will react.  The impact lessens the longer you take it.
4052	7.0	Helped me a lot, non addictive, but some times it keeps me half sleeping and half awake at night time, otherwise its a great drug for its calming effect. Thanks
4053	8.0	"I have GAD with some kind of
OCD that make me stay focused on my worries so long time. I keep overthinking about my feared situations etc...Vistaril is highly sedating so that it's my number1 drug to fall asleep. It provides you with a relaxation when you feel tense and anxious. When the anxiety attack is so strong it's better to take a higher dose than usual. I think vistaril is better than benzos because hydroxyzine's effect is more stable and lasts longer during the day. I take it up to 4 times 1 or 1,5 25 mg pills. It's really useful for anxiety and stress."
4054	7.0	"This is great for general anxiety. Calms you down fairly quickly and makes you ""zoned out"", mildly sedated and definitely less anxious. Not as strong as a benzo and will not stop a panic attack, but is great for when you are feeling panicky or generally anxious. Another plus is that it is not addictive. Absolutely no withdrawal symptoms whatsoever. This DEFINITELY raises my resting pulse about 15 beats per minute and also raises diastolic blood pressure about 10 points even at a small dose. Even with these raises, mine is still within normal range, but just a word of caution."
4055	7.0	I would just like to add that it being my second time taking it both times it gave me nightmares and I would not call them seizures but more so define them as  erratic,involuntary muscle spasims.Also, after taking other benzodiazepines I would disagree to it helping better than those. I think with the benzodiazepines you just have to find the right dosage for you as an individual. Also, sometimes what helps one individual, is not always going to help the next. Everybody reacts differently to different chemicals and medication. So even though it helps my anxiety during the day at night just the thought of the nightmares it gives me, gives me anxiety.
4056	7.0	It helps out tremendously with my anxiety. For some reason I get extremely vivid nightmares. What is strange about the nightmares is that they always have the same setting as where I am sleeping. Also, when I have the nightmares after A short period of them starting , It's almost like I realise it's just a dream and I convert into a mode of half asleep, half awake. I'll be having the nightmare but I realise it's not real and try to wake my self up but at the same time I'm trying to wake up in my dream I feel like im trying so hard to move to open my eyes but I can't. Almost like a paralyzed state of being but than I wake up usually after the first nightmare they stop. But, not always. Has anybody else experienced this side effect?
4057	10.0	I just started this medication yesterday. I was extremely doubtful since I've tried xanex, clonapin, and valium. However, I was at the point that I was willing to try anything. Took my first dose around 6pm and I was truly impressed. So I think it works alot better for my anxiety than any benzos ever did. For weeks I've been feeling like I was about to crawl out of my skin. Lots of medical issues, high blood pressure. I'm in telephone sales and its not ideal for those with similar medical problems. Now I feel great. Excited to go to work tomorrow. This is coming from someone who thought only benzos helped. If your doctor gives it to you, try it, it works. I take less than what others say they take and I still stand by it.
4058	7.0	This is not a miracle worker. But it does greatly improve my GAD and social anxiety. Its does mildly sedate me. I take it every day. Usually take about 100 mg a day in divided doses.
4059	8.0	I had anxiety that I consider inexpressible. It was as bad as it can get. I took Xanax and it amplified my depression substantially, which increased my anxiety. Seeking a long term treatment rather than an addictive short term relief, I was prescribed Vistaril 50mg. This is a drug similar to Benadryl, but a bit stronger. It is nonaddictive, and DOES fight the anxiety without the side effects of Ativan/Xanax. This WILL NOT kill the anxiety alone. You must be on an SSRI such as Lexapro for this drug to fully combat GAD. I urge everyone to try this drug. There are no risks, and it may help you.
4060	2.0	Taking 25mg every 12 hours. Makes me feel like I have a hang over the next day. As far as it helping my anxiety, well, it knocks me out. So I guess I can't be anxious if I'm asleep on the couch. Will be trying something else.
4061	8.0	After experiencing crippling anxiety and panic attacks, I took a leave of absence from and eventually lost my six figure lucrative job in Boston. I went into a residential treatment center for 2 months. I did a 7 week trial of Celexa and Paxil. Both made me severely more anxious, agitated, jittery and gained 20 pounds. I felt completely hopeless. At the center, they also introduced me to Vistaril. It was the ONLY thing that worked (besides Ativan, which is addictive). At one point I was up to 75mg/day and noticed my resting pulse was consistently 25-30bpm higher than usual. My diastolic BP also consistently was 10 higher. I lowered my dose to only 12.5mg/day and pulse and BP went back to normal and still worked well. It won't help depression though
4062	1.0	It's not really helping anything
4063	1.0	I was recommended to switch from xanax to vistaril, but the vistaril did not help with my anxiety at all.  I became extremely irritable (probably from the increased anxiety not being treated with xanax anymore).  I did not notice any positive effects even after taking it for a month.  I was told this medication was fast acting for panic attacks like xanax, but they did not help with the panic attacks in the least bit.  I highly recommend that if you have severe debilitating anxiety to not even try this drug based on what I went through.
4064	8.0	This medicine defentaly helped me to stop my hands from shaking.But after around 8 months of taking the pill (which is how long I have been taking it) the medication is pretty non effective.I have decided that I need a stronger medication.One more thing to add is that the pill helped to stop me angina like chest pains
4065	10.0	Game changer... It wasn't as heavily sedating as I thought it would be, but it sincerely helps me with my panic attacks along with the the help of self talk. Calms me right down, without the hungover feeling that Xanax and Klonopin leave you with.
4066	9.0	I have been on Vistaril for about a year now and it has helped my anxiety greatly. Not to mention no side effects at all. It also helps greatly with itching and extreme tension. I am taking 200 mg per day in two divided doses.  I am very happy with this medication.
4067	10.0	I experienced unremittently high anxiety for almost a year before trying this medication.  Panic attacks at least every third day, sometimes more than once each day, so severe that I visited the ER at least twice a month.  Xanax helped for a few days but after that just made things worse and caused withdrawal even when taken less often than prescribed, buspar did nothing at all, and Celexa barely helped.  Finally a nurse gave me a sample of this medication.  It was a miracle drug.  After a month anxiety-free I was able to stop taking it and now feel great.  Side effects were so mild compared to other medications I've tried that I did not even notice them.  It works much better than Dramamine for nausea too though it does make you sleepy
4068	9.0	"I have been taking Atarax for about a month now for anxiety due to an obsessive amount of medical conditions that all seem to have started at around the same time.

So I asked my doctor if there was anything I could take that was not addictive, that could help with my anxiety and he gave me atarax. OH MY GOD has this been a miracle drug! Not only do I sleep amazingly every night I feel relaxed enough to get through my day now! On top of that my allergies are now nonexistent and I've been able to refrain from smoking and drinking much more easily because of it. My only problem is the super weird and sometimes scary dreams I get if I take it before bed, but that's hardly an issue compared to how much it has helped me."
4069	9.0	Of the non-benzodiazepeine anti-anxiety agents, Vistaril is my first choice. Vistaril seperates itself from the others by rapidly inducing a pleasant &amp; warm feeling. By comparison, things like Compazine and clonidine are much colder and more harsh in side effects. Although Vistaril is gentle &amp; easy going for the first hour or so, a strong drowsiness will come on by Hour #2. But overall I'd still rank it as a side-effect-free type of medicine, when compared to other non-benzo anxiolytics.
4070	8.0	I have been taking Atarax (hydroxyzine) for anxiety 25mg/6hrs as needed. I have spontaneous panic attacks. Though I don't feel it is very helpful in stopping an attack that had already begun since it takes about 30 minutes to take effect, it is helpful in preventing one if you know what signs your body/mind will give you before you have one and take it promptly upon noticing these signs. It does make me a little tired, but not messed up and groggy like Xanax or Ativan. I don't care for benzodiazapines, so this is what I have to work with. This spring, I have noticed symptoms of pollen allergies I never had before. This medication is an antihistamine, which also alleviates these symptoms. All in all, I'd say this drug is pretty effective.
4071	3.0	Been on this medicine off and on for a few years. Usually by doctors who are convinced that every person who asks for a benzodiazepine must be addicted to them. This medication has very little effect on me. I have debilitating generalized anxiety disorder, severe treatment resistant obsessive compulsive disorder and post traumatic stress disorder. This medication is supposed to be for panic attacks. However for me it takes a while to kick in, and once it does, it only relieves a fraction of the intense and constant anxiety. It doesn't make me sleepy whatsoever, nor does it calm my restlessness.
4072	1.0	It caused severe paranoia and ultra sensitivity to all senses.
4073	10.0	I have a rare disease called Systemic Mastocytosis that presents a varying number of symptoms caused by too much histamine being released in my body.  Hydroxyzine relieved constant anxiety, fatigue, and muscle/bone pain.  It also calms the nervous system down when I am itchy.
4074	5.0	My psychiatrist prescribed 50 MG of Hydroxyzine every 6 hours for anxiety. This medicine literally takes 15 minutes to kick in my system. In like a zombie. Literally drooling and having to be watched like a child. Works a little too good.
4075	1.0	Did not work on me at all. I was on 50mg
4076	1.0	It worked for a while then it stopped working a few months later
4077	7.0	Has helped me quite a bit... went from a 2 ona scale of 1-10 to a 5... not so bad.
4078	8.0	I was taking 50 mg three times a day.  It worked awesome for my anxiety, however after a month I started having seizures and severe muscle twitching and I had to stop it.
4079	10.0	"I was originally prescribed ATARAX for poision ivy. I also suffer from depression and anxiety. I take CYMBALTA daily &amp; VALIUM as needed. I was pleasantly surprised when starting ATARAX. I noticed after my first pill having a more clear head and being more productive. I didn't connect the two until later reading up on its other benefits. Anyway, I haven't had any side effects at all on ATARAX and it has been added to my daily Meds. If I'm more than 4 hours off my CYMBALTA I will get a nasty headache &amp; would be a withdrawal nightmare but it's the ONLY thing that has helped my depression long term &amp; I've tried ""everything"" so I am thankful &amp; Im sure to take my Meds on time! Goodluck!"
4080	8.0	I've been taking hydroxine for a while now 50mg twice a day it help with anxiety but I have the opposite effect when it comes to making me tired it does not at all affect me in that way.
4081	8.0	It has helped me to relax and not have as much anxiety.
4082	10.0	I was on Cymbalta 90mg and had to stop cold turkey .. thank goodness for my Atarax. I am having severe withdrawals and I take 50mg up to 4 times a day . I also use this for my anxiety. I was addicted to Klonopin so I am thankful for this no addictive Atarax.
4083	8.0	I was recently in the hospital for a panic attack, and everyday since I've had high anxiety. I was given this that night and it helped me cope, but I would always go to sleep when I took one. After a month I got put on sertraline (still waiting to see a difference), and the night anxiety got worse. So I take this when I feel I wont be able to talk myself out of a panic attack.
4084	10.0	I'm glad I was prescribed Vistaril. It relives anxiety quickly without all the downsides of Klonopin or Xanax. The drowsiness is more pronounced, but I'll take it over a panic attack. This seems like a good medicine to take as needed. Be careful driving, and remember to rely on natural coping skills as well. To the people experiencing an abnormal amount of drowsiness or nausea, just remember it's temporary. It was totally effective for me, and my anxiety is moderate.
4085	8.0	I've been taking Zoloft and hydroxyzine for 5 months. I've been sober now for almost 8 years but was addicted to numerous meds off and on for 30 years, including Xanax, so I won't take benzos - Horrible withdrawal! My prescription was 25 mg as needed. That helped some, a little, I guess... Anyway, I found that if I take 25 mg early morning and again mid-afternoon it works. And it has never made me drowsy at all. Not even a little bit, so I guess it all depends on the individual.
4086	1.0	I have terrible anxiety, and my doctor prescribed this with Lamictal. I took it once to help bring me down from a massive anxiety attack and it knocked me down, but my anxiety elevated because my body was so weighed down but my mind was still panicking. I hated it, made everything worse, I could barely even speak in the 25mg dose.
4087	9.0	Every time I think I don't need this medicine I always go back to it. Now I found that with the Celexa it does not work as well.
4088	2.0	Has not helped with anixiety at all. Just makes me terribly sleepy, so I cannot take it during the day
4089	10.0	I was prescribed this medication for my anxiety and to help me sleep. I take one at night and I'm usually asleep within 30 minutes. The next day I find that I do take extra long to wake up but once I'm showered I'm fine. I wouldn't take it in the day as you most probably will fall asleep.
4090	5.0	I take very little for anxiety , and it really helps me sleep at night, almost too much, but the next day I feel lethargic , tired, and rather depressed, I wish it didn't because otherwise it works.
4091	10.0	I had my first (and only so far) panic attack April 14,2014. I thought I was having a heart attack and had my husband take me to the E.R.  After EKG was cleared the doctor gave me 2 Xanax and told me I suffered from a panic attack. I have not been the same since. I have had anxiety, arm pain and jaw pain (from tension), heart palpitations, hot flashes etc. I saw my doctor and she set me up with Hydroxyzine and it has been a life saver. 25mg up to 4 times A day as needed. I sleep great and function mostly every day normally. Every now and then I have a bad day , but very far and few between. 100% recommended to everyone.
4092	3.0	My doctor prescribed Hydroxyzine for my anxiety. I was taking it along with my antidepressant. WOW. This medicine turned me into a zombie. If I wasn't asleep, I was completely lethargic. After I stopped taking my antidepressant, I decided to take a Hydroxyzine to see if it would still make me super tired. YEP. It also made me extremely grumpy and impatient.
4093	8.0	I am 34/Female with marked panic attacks. I have health /doctor office anxiety. I have to say Vistaril has done wonders for me. It seemed to take a few weeks before I could really feel it's effects though. I have to keep a small amount in my system before it helps with a panic attack. I can take 1-2 25 mg pills 3 X a day as needed for anxiety. I usually take 1/2 of a 25 mg pill twice a day. When I feel an attack starting, I take another 1 to 1 1/2 pills. It stops the attack quickly. I feel like I've got my life back some, &amp; it feels like a safety blanket. It does dry my mouth out though &amp; I only recommend it for marked anxiety. I do not have any depression.
4094	9.0	Bipolar. Now on Atarax and Buspar together. Things have gotten better. No side effects except vivid dreams, if you are like me you'd rather have those than anxiety.
4095	9.0	Prescribed Hydroxyzine a year ago for itching/rash/hives. Worked extremely well. My skin cleared up and didnt need to take anymore. I also suffer with anxiety/panic attack/ agoraphobia and stress. Heard that hydroxyzine can also be used for that. About 30 minutes ago I began having a severe anxiety/panic attack. My arm and face hurt, tingling/numbness, fear I am dying, etc. So I took two 25mg and hoping it will lesson all my panicky feelings. As of now symptoms have lessened but not gone. Not extremely sleepy/tired but slight sedation. In the past with taking for the itching/hives and rash the sedation usually kicked in about an hour after taking. So it could do the same - which would be fine with me.
4096	8.0	This medicine does what it's supposed to do. A 50mg capsule usually is enough to dispel panic attacks and return me to baseline. I don't take any more because I can't deal with the drowsiness during the day and I take something else for sleeping at night. No benzodiazepine-like euphoria, just simple no-frills relief.
4097	10.0	Has changed my life.  I didn't know how bad my anxiety was until I got relief from Atarax!!  I don't even need anywhere near the full dose to relieve my constant building thoughts of what I should be doing or may not be able to do because of my other debilitating illnesses.  I am so grateful!!  I no longer feel constantly wound so tight I might snap!
4098	9.0	I took one little 10mg and a Adderall 10mg as well. And let me tell you THOSE DO NOT MIX. I was at school and the time and I tried to write and my are was what felt like 50 pounds and I just sat there smiling like I was very high.
4099	10.0	I have tried a lot of different medications for my anxiety, and nothing has ever worked, that is; until I was prescribed Atarax.  I was going through some very, very stressful times and had to go on something.  Nothing has ever helped me, not Paxil, Lexapro, Effexor, Zoloft.  I know that is a lot of different ones!  But this is spread out over many years of trying new ones, not one of them really worked for me, and I had lots of bad side effects from them.  Atarax was one that I had never heard of, till the doctor prescribed it to me.  Immediately it works.  You take it, and within 30 mins it kicks in, and last for hours.  You can take one or two at a time, every six hours.  The only side effect is sleepiness, and I did experience this.
4100	9.0	High anxiety-25mg helped within 45 minutes!
4101	2.0	I was given this (50mg) as needed for anxiety/panic. The first time I took it, it knocked me out for 13 hours. When I woke up I was very groggy for at least 2 hours. After the mental  and physical exhaustion went away I did feel very calm and collected for quite some time. I am not taking it anymore because it is far too strong for me even in half or quartered doses. I'm happy if it works for you, but for me this was not good.
4102	2.0	It definitely calmed my anxiety but left me drowsy.  I took 25mg once a day for two weeks and was able to function somewhat normally despite the fatigue factor. After two weeks, for some reason, it began making me so tired that I was unable to function during the day. I tried halving and even quartering the amount, but it still left me unable to stay awake during the day.  When I was awake, I was lethargic and depressed.
4103	9.0	"This little pill is amazing. It is one of the safest and most effective antianxiety medications I've ever been on.
Pros:
- Very effective
- Works quickly
- Safe
- Doesn't make you drowsy
- Can be taken as needed; not addictive and no withdrawls
- Doesn't impair cognitive function
- Also helps with allergies!
Cons:
- Primary side effects were dizziness and weight gain
Notes:
- I've found from personal experience that if I take it before bed I'm more likely to have nightmares
- Do not quickly get up: slowly stand up, else you'll get extremely dizzy and might even fall over.
- Do not take with other antihistamines: always check with your doctor or a pharmacist before taking allergy medicine.
Would I recommend? Definitely!!"
4104	3.0	Even at massive doses of 200 mg I still didn't feel any relief at all from this. Benadryl or Unisom would be a better option to take for anxiety. 
4105	5.0	I was prescribed Atarax for my anxiety and to wean off Klonopin. It worked well at first but I have found that I've built a tolerance. One 50mg pill the first day helped, the next day I need two 50mg pills and now after 2 weeks in up to 200mg and it is no longer controlling my panic or anxiety.
4106	4.0	I was pretty disappointed by Vistaril. I asked my psychiatrist about it hoping it helps in addition with the Zoloft I was taking to cure my itchiness, anxiety, sedation, and allergies. The only thing I saw improve were my allergies, and not by much. Yes I have only been on Vistaril 12 days, but still I was disappointed with the results. One Benadryl and one Zyrtec a night was more helpful than this. Oh well I guess I'll have to keep looking.
4107	3.0	I'm currently on this medication for anxiety plus Lexapro also for anxiety.  It just makes me super sleepy which doesn't work for me with having a 6m old and a 6y old. I have horrible car anxiety and I took one 15-30 min before I had to go in the car and I broke down and cried and could not feel anything at all. I was not driving thank God. It just doesn't work for me but it does take the numbness tingly feeling I get from the Lexapro away. About the only good thing.
4108	1.0	This stuff was the pits.  A half hour after I took my first pill, I was falling asleep.  The tiredness became extremely intense.  I had to cancel my plans for the evening and lay down.  I was so crazy exhausted that I became anxious.  I asked my prescriber for antianxiety medication.  I have mild anxiety that makes me uncomfortable. This stuff just made me worse than a couch potato.  Several hours later I got intestinal cramps.  Then I started throwing up. 
4109	9.0	Pretty decent anti-anxiety medicine.
4110	8.0	I was prescribed Vistaril for bad panic attacks, as needed. I was put on Celexa, and less than an hour after taking it, I felt extreme fear and had the worst panic attack I've ever experienced. I called my doctor immediately and was told to go ahead and take the Vistaril. It calmed me down in less than 15 minutes. It did however, make me so drowsy that I found it impossible to stay awake. Thank goodness I have it on hand for my next attempt with Wellbutrin.
4111	10.0	My experience with it.  The medicine works great for itch relief (pruritis) and anxiety.  I have Graves Disease, this was to treat anxiety temporarily after thyroid storm.  The problem I had with it was it made me to doped feeling to function normally.  I stayed tired and experienced grumpiness and lack of patience.  I've taken Xanax, and Elavil before and definitely was able to work, socialize normally unlike this medicine, there is no way I can take it every four to six hours and function throughout the day. I've never been one to tolerate antihistamines very well, I get the shakes etc., and  experienced the same with the Vistaril.  All that aside, at night it did help me sleep, help the anxiety as it's supposed too.
4112	9.0	I was given this pill to help with anxiety and insomnia at school. I was given 50 mg and I took it and it completely knocked me out. It works great for helping me sleep, but waking up I was dizzy and had minor blurred vision, but that went away after about an hour.
4113	8.0	While this medicine is no where near as strong Klonopin or Xanax for my anxiety, I have found that taking a 50mg Vistaril does just enough to take the edge off.
4114	7.0	I took a 25 mg dose of this medicine for the first time last night. It took about 45 minutes to an hour before it made me sleepy although I was calmed within 15 minutes. I slept great-I usually wake up around 2am every night, but not last night. I slept until 9:30am which is rare for me. I did feel like a zombie for about an hour or 2 after I got up, but I didn't have any panic feelings during the day. I didn't feel 100% normal, but this was a pretty good start. I'm hopeful that the sleepiness is a transient effect and that some of my other physical symptoms go completely away.
4115	10.0	Was having problems falling asleep. My doctor prescribed this medicine to help me sleep. Works great!
4116	10.0	I took this medicine for the first time and I ended up dreaming a very romantic dream. It helps me with my panic/anxiety attacks, I would like to figure out what triggers my freaking out. Never Drive when You take Vistaril. It mellows You Out. Thank You.
4117	8.0	Its worked 8/10 for my anxiety... its calmed down my anxiety significantly, but not completely. Although im not too fond of the zombie feeling... I just started it yesterday so we will see if that part goes away at any point. If by my next visit, I still feel tired all day I will be asking for something else.
4118	6.0	I take 50mg 3 x day. Total 150mg. I'm bipolar and take other medicines that causes drowsiness but realized within a couple weeks that this subsides with time. It is nothing like Xanax that knocks you out and Atarax takes a while to start working if you're in the start of an attack. I didn't experience any of the antihistamine effect the pill is supposed to provide. I will ask for a different medication to manage my anxiety.
4119	9.0	I love this medicine! I was recently released from the hospital after doing a 1 week stay. Diagnosed with BPD and anxiety. This medicine is prescribed for me 50 mg 4 times a day. I don't take it unless truly needed during the day. This is my first time being on psychotropics. I take this along with Seroquel, Zoloft and Naltroxene. I've had maybe 4 panic attacks since being out of the hospital. I had them because I went to work the day after being released and I work in a sales environment. I didn't have my medicine on hand like I should have. I do notice that when I bring it, and take it. I am not sleepy, very mellow and even and relaxed. Thoughts are clearer and conversations more direct.
4120	9.0	I would like to say that I have taken all the big medicines for my depression and Anxiety, Panic and to be truthful this medicine has worked for me. I had issues with a lot of things and getting mad and wanting to argue all the time and just could not deal with feeling that way and I have always had great out look on life even if life was horrific. Since I have been on this medicine it has helped, yes the medicine wants you to sleep more and sometimes you feel groggy but I notice if I start taking it in the evening and close to bedtime it works best. Just don't take it when you get up or in the afternoon because it will make you drowsy. I would say if you have some of the problems that the rest of us do I would say it would not hurt to try it.
4121	9.0	"I suffer from Anxiety, Major Depression &amp; Insomnia
I'm taking Vistaril for the Anxiety I'm on 50MG 4 times a day when reading most of you said it made you pretty sleepy... I feel normal for the first time in 40 yrs like maybe I can have a life now...  My experience so far has been a great one :o)  I DON'T GET Drowsy At All LIKE I SAID THIS IS THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE I FEEL 100% Normal... I take two Seroquel 100MG in the AM For Major Depression... That doesn't make me Drowsy at all when I read about Vistaril and Seroquel people say they are drowsy and lethargic Not ME I Feel Great!!! I Also take Seroquel 300MG at Bedtime along with 30MG Restoril at Bedtime... The only side effects I have is movements in my neck &amp; the chills Yep that's it."
4122	1.0	My first review on here. Prescribed 25mg to be taken during an anxiety attack. Took it twice, once at night and once during a morning spell. It didn't do anything good but it didn't do anything bad either. From the rest of the reviews, it looks like it either works great or not at all. There doesn't seem to be much harm in trying.
4123	9.0	My anxiety peaks at night for the most part. It's very difficult to fall asleep so I got prescribed this. When I take it I fall into a deep heavy sleep..so deep my husband had to check to make sure I was alive since I normally Toss and turn like crazy. I sleep wonderfully on this, however, I do notice myself having more dreams..some good..but mostly weird/vivid and not so good dreams. I've been on it for 3 nights and each time I've woken up..I was in the midst of a dream were I was beating someone up/hurting someone. I hate those dreams. Once I wake up I feel super groggy and in a fog for hours. I also feel very depressed and unmotivated. It does the trick at night but I don't like the after effects of it. I also have Xanax for the day time
4124	10.0	"Started Vistaril 25mg last night at 10pm.  I watched some T.V then went to sleep. No anxiety and no unpleasant side effects. Today I've taken another 25mg.  Didn't feel any need to take my Ativan.  But due to being on 4mg a day for years, I did take one just to be on the safe side and not seize or anything. My experience so far has been a good one. And I hope to continue to slowly come down on my Ativan use.
My meds: Lexapro 5mg taperd down from 10mg. Ativan 1mg 4x daily. Fioricet when needed and now Vistaril 25mg every 6 hours when needed."
4125	8.0	Helped with my anxiety &amp; my slight depression.
4126	2.0	My son was put on this med at age 14 after being pre diagnosed as no-polar. Then diagnosed with juvenile depression. Anxiety disorder. Trouble sleeping. Joshua had bad mood swings. He was only to take this once a day. At bedtime. It only made him so tired he won't get up in the morning. Did nothing for his anxiety or depression.
4127	1.0	I have used Xanax for the past 15 years for severe anxiety and panic attacks...recently my doctor wanted me to try Vistaril in stead..it does NOTHING for my symptoms...going to go back to what I know works! 
4128	10.0	I am bipolar and take Celexa and Abilify. My doctor added Vistaril for my anxiety and panic attacks and so far the Vistaril did the trick. I feel human again and not flying all over the place since the Vistaril was added and I haven't had a panic attack for 3 weeks... Hurray for Vistaril.
4129	8.0	"I have been taking 25 mg of Vistaril once per day for about the past month. I take it at night. I have depression and anxiety pretty bad with the anxiety being the stronger
of the two issues. I can't handle stress very well at all either. I am taking 40mg of Prozac a day also. The Vistaril at first, made me drowsy and lethargic. It took me about a week to adjust. Now I feel much better. I can sleep at night and feel decent when I wake up. It's not perfect but I am not getting any side effects and it's improved my life. I would recommend trying it but I would only take at night and do not drive after taking it until you get used to it."
4130	8.0	I have general anxiety disorder and I'm prone to panic attacks. Being afraid of benzo and it's addictiveness, I got this prescribed. So far it has worked great if I take 2 pills at once, and  the effect lasts for about 10 hours. I haven't really felt the hangover part people talk about, nor have I experienced headaches. The only thing I really have to complain about is that the breathing can get almost too relaxed at times, so when I fall asleep I wake up with a shortness of breath, as if my lungs forgot to inhale. It's no big deal though, happens maybe 3 times a night and it wakes me up. And I guess it would be nice to have a pill that takes away anxiety but doesn't make you tired (I sleep like a baby after 30 minutes after taking atarax)
4131	6.0	I have used it for a few months now. Switched now but it did take the edge off at 75mg. Also helped with panic attacks at high doses.
4132	8.0	It doesn't eliminate all of the anxiety, but it takes the big edge off, enough for you to calm down on your own.
4133	10.0	I have been on Vistaril for several weeks. I have a bad anxiety disorder that gave me panic attacks and makes me shake. My best experience was with this medicine.
4134	10.0	I was having a horrible withdrawal from Cymbalta and was determined to get off it! After my docs only answer was take Ativan (which made me extremely zombified). After two trips to the ER they recommended Vistaril and it calmed the brain zaps, disorientation and extreme confusion. It's been a huge help!
4135	9.0	I have very severe Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Well after my move my panic attacks spiraled out of control to the point where I was barely sleeping at all. The doctor gave me this, and I slept like a baby, no attacks, no nausea. It's great.
4136	10.0	Hydroxyzine helps with my symptoms of anxiety. Its helping me keep my mind focused and not dwell over bad situations that have happened in my life and worry so much.
4137	8.0	"I think it helps take the edge off my anxiety disorders..plural. More of an addition to my other, more powerful meds than a ""stand alone"" medicine."
4138	7.0	I have weened off of Effexor 150mg and 75 mg over the past 3 weeks. I started Cymbalta 30 mg 2 days ago and was still have horrible adverse effects coming off of the Effexor. Effexor worked great for my anxiety and severe PMDD, but was making me extremely sluggish. I have also had chronic back pain for the past 7 years and my doctor wanted to switch me to Cymbalta. Well, the transition/withdrawal has been terrible. A lot if crying and panicking for no reason, crawling skin, etc. I took one Vistaril, and found it very helpful.  My Dr. has prescribed Vistaril 25-50 mg every 6 hours as needed. Has been a God send to help my anxiety during this transition. It also has been very helpful for my sons anxiety as well.
4139	8.0	"My doctor had prescribed this for me because my anxiety ramps up when I'm trying to sleep. He started me out at 25 mg/day. While on it, I would sleep 16 hours, be a zombie for the 8 I was awake, and have really trippy dreams and terrifying nightmares - both of which felt 100% real and some of them I had to ask if they happened. I was cut back to 12.5 mg/day and I'm only sleeping 12 hours and groggy for four. I still have weird dreams, but they don't seem completely real as often.

I have not been on it long enough for my body to adjust, so this may lessen as time goes on.

It does help with the anxiety and panic attacks, although I won't drive after I've taken it so I can only take it at home."
4140	1.0	Only made me sleepy after taking 6 throughout the day to try and subside anxiety.
4141	10.0	"After having surgery on my wrist, my mother suggested to the doctor to give me something to take the edge off of pain in between doses of hydrocodone.  I was given Vistaril (25mg) and told to take as needed for pain with my other meds and that I could take 1-2 of them within every 4 hours or so.  The doc also said it should tame down some stomach issue with the pain medicine (it did).
I noticed not only were they helping me with the pain but I felt relief from some of the anxiety of being out of work &amp; just not being able to function well without the use of my right arm.  I asked him about this at my next visit &amp; he said indeed it was known for help with that and that was in fact part of the reason he added it for me.
No side effects for me."
4142	8.0	Take as directed x amount x times a day. Has helped me BETTER than Ativan. Also am on Prozac 20 mg a day.
4143	6.0	Worked while I was in-patient but wasn't offered it once I left. Did make me groggy but helped take the focus off the physical symptoms of anxiety.
4144	3.0	It calms me down a little bit, but it makes me drowsy more than anything.
4145	9.0	Really helped with anxiety at night and getting a good nights sleep, also seems to have cleared up cluster headaches I have had for years!
4146	9.0	I have been on Xanax 3 times a day for years. Recently my blood pressure has been high and my BP medicine alone was not working but when I take Vistaril and metoprolol twice a day and my Xanax as I've been doing it definitely helps my blood pressure and anxiety!
4147	10.0	I suffer from panick disorder. it seems to get worse every winter. I went to the doctor before it got bad enough to interfere with my life. My Doctor prescribed a very low dose od celexa again, which works wonders for me and hydroxyzine again because it makes me very sleepy and it really helps. I hadn't slept for 5 days because of heart palpitations caused by anxiety but this makes me sleepy within an hour. The only drawback is that I am usually groggy for the first couple of hours that in awake but I'll take groggy over insomnia any day.
4148	1.0	It did nothing for my anxiety or my panic disorder. It did help me breathe better though. It cleared my sinuses pretty good.
4149	9.0	I cold turkeyed off Xanax after 16 years of 1 mg a day. I had horrible withdrawal symptoms. At 4 months my MD (not the dr that suggested I go cold turkey) but the one that helped me through it, put me on Atarax, 10 - 25 mg as needed up to 100 mg a day. It really made a difference in my recovery.  I take it as I need, or don't take it at all. It helps with the anxiety, nausea, shaking.  I have been on it for 9 months now and really recommend people try it.  
4150	8.0	Developed a flaky skin rash and went to see my OBGYN about it. It became a vicious circle, scratch then it would flake which made me scratch even more, etc. He took several samples and said it was not a rash but dermatitis caused by anxiety. So he prescribed Atarax and told me to take half a pill each day for a month. I didn't even realize I was suffering from anxiety until he mentioned it. So, I have been taking it when I feel anxious (about halfway through my menstrual cycle) and it has helped. No side effects so far and I feel better like taking the edge off and calming me down. 
4151	8.0	Although this medicine does work as described its response time to panic outbreak is not fast. It takes about 45 minutes for the feeling of dread or mania to subside. To go further the feeling is still there but it blocks the mind from reacting irrationally to the racing thoughts. I gave this medicine an 8 not a 10 because of the reaction time. So far all medications in this class have made me tired. I like this one because I have had no side effects or cross interactions with other medications.
4152	9.0	I had severe anxiety, panic attacks...I worry all the time about everything, causing my blood pressure to skyrocket. I had been on blood pressure pills for 2 months but still having a heavy pressure in my chest/throat area, causing me to think I was having a heart attack.  Doctor prescribed Vistaril 25mg x 2 day for anxiety.  This helps me tremendously and I only have to take it once a day.  Hope this helps answer some questions someone might have.
4153	9.0	I have always lived with anxiety and was taking Zoloft daily. I had a car accident in May that spiraled my anxiety out of control. My doctor put me on this in addition to Zoloft.  Not only has hydroxyzine helped with my anxiety, It has prevented me from having panic attacks and allowed me to wean off the Zoloft.  My panic attacks used to also make me nauseous and Hydroxyzine prevents that.  I have had no side effects at all.  Zoloft side effects were weight gain and diarrhea.
4154	1.0	Didn't help, just made me tired.
4155	8.0	I have been on 20mg of Lexapro and 0.5mg of Xanax for about 4 years. It wasn't until last year I have been vomiting for no reason every morning even if I wasn't doing anything. After avoiding food and drinks nothing helped so I talked to my doctor and he got me set up on this medicine. I've never heard of it but for the past week I haven't thrown up since. I figured it was do to my anxiety when nothing helped and no I'm not pregnant I'm a male. Only downside for me is the drowsiness which like my other pills my body needs to get used to it first before I can actually function. All in all this medicine kept me from throwing up for about a week and I'm happy for that.
4156	2.0	It worked when I was in the mental hospital but not in the real world.
4157	7.0	I have horrible anxiety problems, so much so, it makes me physically nauseous and vomit. My stomach will turn and no appetite. After taking hydroxyzine 10mg 4 times a day, my nausea is gone. I feel like I have my life back. I was losing weight and much needed nutrients. Nothing has helped me like this.
4158	2.0	Made me very tired and sedated, slowed heart beat and felt like I forgot to breath. I took one 50mg pill and it didn't kick in for 45 mins. I'd rather take a 1mg Xanax for my panic attacks. Woke up in the morning extremely tired and foggy.
4159	8.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder. I had only been on Buspar before and it gave me horrible side effects. What I find with Vistaril is that it takes the edge off my anxiety, which means I can actually relax now sometimes the anxiety is not as chronic when I'm on it. I can handle high-stress situations better now, too, because the medicine makes it manageable and diminishes the physical symptoms of anxiety. It's been especially helpful in combination with therapy. And no side effects! Although it's not as effective when I start to feel panic symptoms, it has kept me from having full-blown panic attacks on multiple occasions.
4160	10.0	"I have been taking Vistaril for the last 6 months. I use it for anxiety and trouble sleeping. It calms me down with no side effects, and when I take it in the evening for sleep I wake up feeling good. I've taken multiple drugs for sleep including, Restoril, trazadone, and Ambien. All of those caused me to have the ""sleep hangover"". I would have trouble waking up and would spend the whole day feeling as if the medications just wouldn't leave my system. Vistaril is the best medication I've found for anxiety and sleep. It allows me to take a few lower doses during the day and a higher dose at night to sleep. Highly recommended."
4161	8.0	"Given this for anxiety related to the end and jump off of Suboxone. Seemed to work well for anxiety from taper, at least make it easier to handle. When I jumped off completely, it worked very well when used in conjunction with Clonidine.

It is not a benzodiazepine, but I do not want any of those. I tapered Suboxone slowly over the course of 11 months. I got myself down to 0.25 milligrams and decided to stop taking it and see how I felt. I was uncomfortable for two days but have felt okay since."
4162	8.0	I started taking this medication to fight anxiety, especially before going to bed when the mind is racing.  It definitely helps, but I am completely lethargic the next day, and I only took half a pill.  However, I've also only taken it occasionally for one day here and there, not on a regular basis, so my body may not have time to adjust like others mention on here.
4163	10.0	"I recommend taking as prescribed, and the bottle usually says ""take X amount every X hours"". I think that having a steady stream of any medication is the only way to have it work. This medication's only side effect I have found is almost exactly like when one takes Benadryl, and only when you are first starting out on it. I am used to it now after 3 weeks and the only effect I notice is that my hands no longer shake and my mind is at ease. Much better and smoother than other meds like Xanax or Tramadol or Klonopin, etc., etc. "
4164	7.0	I was on this medicine for a year and it worked very well. But I now feel I need a higher dose.
4165	8.0	Went to see the doctor 3 months ago. I wasn't sure what was wrong with me. First visit I told the doc my symptoms.(fatigue, tense muscles, shortness of breath, light headed) The doctor said it might be allergies. He gave me hydroxyzine 25MG. I started with with one dose every 4 hours. They seem to help me breath easier and relax me. 
4166	5.0	I have been taking Hydroxyzine 25mg for several years now and it does make my panic attacks stop no matter how bad they are, however they completely knock me for a loop. I was taken down to half a pill and then quarter but it still makes me so tired and out of it that I fall asleep or feel like I am in a total daze. I can not drive or even leave the house after I have to take a pill. Just a warning to anyone who is taking these pills for the first time, make sure you do not have to go anywhere or do anything (including taking care of children) before you know how you are going to react to these pills.
4167	1.0	I am on Viibryd for depression and my doctor gave me Vistaril for some tension and anxiety. The first time I took it I felt ok until that night! I had so many weird dreams that I could not tell if I was awake or still sleeping! Then that morning I could NOT wake up for nothing. When I did get out of the bed I kept passing out and felt very lost and out of it. I know that medicine affects everyone different, this just isn't for me.
4168	9.0	It gets rid of the anxiety but mostly because it knocks me out. One pill makes me sleepy for 2 days.
4169	8.0	Helps Ease Tightening Of The Chest And Slows Breathing During Panic Attacks. Chewing Tabs Works Best For Me.
4170	7.0	I was given Atarax for acute stress reaction and anxiety. The Dr put me on 1-2 tablets at night at 25mg each, it zonks me and gives me a horrible headache and if taken with my pain medicines I can't even lift my head. It's an alright medication but after doing research and finding it's only a short term medicine I think I need to find something else that works just as good and is safer for a longer term use.
4171	10.0	Wasn't sure to rate this for skin allergy or anxiety/stress as the skin allergy subsequently was being caused by anxiety/stress.  Originally allergy was caused by amoxicillin. Itching was so intense I was digging into my skin with anything I could find to bring relief. Dr told me to take Benadryl - no help - then prednisone - no help. Almost 2 weeks, woke up feeling like I was covered by thousands of fire ants and went to ER.  I am on disability for anxiety and panic attacks and take Ativan 2mgs 4x a day, but evidently this skin allergy was controlling my life! ONE pill not only totally calmed me down, but I have not itched in 24 hours and slept 14 hours straight. Plan  to talk to doctor about keeping as when required medicine for emergency anxiety/panic attacks.
4172	10.0	I have severe anxiety, agoraphobia and OCD. I am taking 50mg of the Vistaril along with 1mg of Xanax 4 times a day and I haven't felt this good since I was a kid. I love it and more importantly, I am able to live a normal life! It's a life saver in my opinion.
4173	8.0	I have moderate to severe anxiety associated with a very unhealthy self-esteem. It is a terrible thing because I am generally a very rational person. As a result, I have extreme difficulty telling someone how I feel and of hurting another person's feelings. (I would never want another person to suffer the way I do). My symptoms usually begin with increased heart rate, difficulty breathing, nausea and pain in the chest/throat area, hyperventilation which will sometimes throw me into panic mode and extreme negative thinking that I am unable to deviate from. I was prescribed Vistaril 25mg up to 4 times daily as needed. I how found it very effective so far for immediate relief but it does cause drowsiness.
4174	8.0	I had been taking Xanax and Lexapro for generalized anxiety disorder. The Xanax, at 0.25 mg, made me a zombie. Atarax at 50 mg 3 times a day works very well for me and I am able to function at work as well. The sedative effects wore off after a few days.
4175	8.0	I was prescribed 1-2 tablets every six hours for anxiety; however I find that 1 tablet is quite sufficient and does ease the anxiety.  I have also found that I remain very groggy for up to 8 hours after taking a single pill.  I use for nighttime relief only.
4176	10.0	This is great. It stops 98% of hot flashes, stops mood swings. Have been taking this for 1 year.
4177	6.0	I'm on SSD because of severe Social Anxiety Disorder, Bi-polar Disorder II with panic, and OCD.  I've run the gamut with benzos and frankly, am better off without them.  They're too addicting.  Vistaril is a nice alternative.  It's milder and is about 75% as effective as say, Klonopin or Ativan.  It works for me.
4178	7.0	I've been taking this medicine for sometime now, and it helps out a little with the anxiety and all. I'm on 50 mg 4 times a day, but I usually just double up the dose, and take it twice a day. I was on it for several years sometime a while back, and when I came off it, it was just awful for the people around me. 
4179	2.0	This medicine only stops the physical effects of my anxiety but mentally I'm still suffering. So I'm still suffering greatly only this time no one notices, which is alright I guess. It's not for me. But everyone reacts differently so if you need to, try it out and see if it works for you. Good luck.
4180	10.0	Great! I suffer from anxiety and when I take Atarax I feel very relaxed.
4181	1.0	I've been using Vistaril for over a year now, went up from 25mg once to 4 times a day, I have to take 2-3 for it to work for ONE panic attack, considering I'm in school, this is very bad because it makes me fall asleep in school or driving on the way home. For me this medicine is very ineffective.
4182	9.0	I have generalized anxiety with agoraphobia. I hadn't had an anxiety attack in awhile and hadn't taken medicines for awhile until a few weeks ago when I attempted going to the mall and had a major panic attack. I went to the doctor and she put me on Vistaril. I used to take Xanax but was left feeling loopy and very tired unable to function. Vistaril works very well for me without that drugged feeling and I don't have to worry about becoming addicted. I love it and would recommend trying it before other medication.
4183	8.0	This medicine probably saved my job. Once on it I was able to concentrate more and work more effectively.
4184	10.0	The problem was sleep deprivation and my physician suggested Atarax and explained that sleeping is when the body restores itself making it vitally important to get a good night of sleep. I take one pill in the evening and sleep soundly and for now this is the right solution.
4185	7.0	I have take 25mg twice a day or once a day with good relief. Twice a day is better. As soon as I stop it I get slight panic, but I also feel like I'm not able to concentrate when people are talking. It's a strange feeling and then I get pain in my left ribs, under my arms and left upper back. Then I wonder if I'm going to faint or have a heart attack. It's a constant roller-coaster of high and low adrenaline. A small dose of beta blocker worked well for anxiety, but when you are sick, you need a little adrenaline to combat inflammation. It's an awful balancing act.
4186	3.0	I have severe anxiety and panic disorder. I was prescribed 25 mg of Atarax (hydroxyzine) and it does not seem to help what so ever with my panic attacks or my anxiety level.
4187	10.0	I can't tolerate Xanax and this works very well for me.
4188	8.0	I take Vistaril for anxiety and it helps a lot. It does make me tired, but that's okay because I also have trouble sleeping due to the anxiety.
4189	8.0	I do feel like this medicine calms me, without any side effects whatsoever. Not for someone looking for a mood change like with benzodiazepines (Xanax, Klonopin). I love that it doesn't make me tired or loopy feeling. That said, my anxiety is not as bad as some people have it, so maybe  this is not strong enough for others. No withdrawal or addictive qualities make it definitely worth trying before going to something stronger, though.
4190	10.0	I take 200mg a day and find that it helps great with my anxiety. I've taken benzodiazepines and they weren't as helpful. This really is a great medicine.
4191	8.0	I find this medication works pretty well for my anxiety. I seem to just forget about all the stuff that has been clustered up in my head. There is a extreme downside to this medication for me unfortunately as it makes me very sedated and drowsy. It's definitely a good thing to take if you wake up in the middle of the night and have panic attacks, but you could get 6 hours more of sleep and you will still be tired from the medication. I would say it doesn't completely get rid of my anxiety, but it helps out a lot in a sedative type way. Dont take this if you have a driving job because it feels like you could fall asleep anywhere.
4192	5.0	I just started taking it about a week ago.  I'm to take it three times a day then 0.5mg Klonopin at bedtime.  Hopefully it works better soon.  My anxiety seems better, I could do without the tiredness throughout the day but it is definitely worth it.
4193	8.0	I have been taking Vistaril for 3 years. It really as helped my stress level go down.
4194	3.0	I just started taking hydroxyzine.  It kind of helps take the anxiety away but makes me feeling like I have no energy. Maybe my body needs to adjust to it.
4195	6.0	I was prescribed Atarax for one specific reason. I am having an MRI done and am extremely claustrophobic. I was prescribed 50mg pills. I was given 4 pills. I am to take 1 pill first to see how it effects me and then I can decide if I need another one. I took one for the first time last night and I became very sleepy. I am also on Tylenol 3 for pain. My eyes could barely stay up. However, once I closed my eyes, I was up every hour on the hour. Not sure if that is because of the anticipation of my MRI or what. I was very relaxed however, but do not suffer the anxiety attacks as bad as I did years ago and my heart goes out to those who do. I will take the two pills at MRI and give my review again then.
4196	7.0	"I have been taking it for about three months now, I was prescribed it by an ER psych, for anxiety and insomnia. 
Started on 50 mg which worked, but have worked up to having to take between 100 and 150 mgs a day to get the same effect.
I think it's better for short term use, because your system can quickly adapt to it and start to require more for the same effect."
4197	1.0	I have Chronic Anxiety associated with PTSD and chronic panic attacks. I was given this for about 4 months with no effect on my panic whatsoever. I had a doctor that was dead set against Benzodiazapines and she later put me on BuSpar for 8 months which was also worthless.  I have switched doctors and am currently on 0.5mg of Xanax 2 x day and it takes care of all my symptoms. 
4198	3.0	"""Atarax"" was prescribed to me in a ""controlled environment."" I was prescribed Klonopin originally, but the 0.5mg dosage wasn't enough for my anxiety and with the medication (Suboxone) I was currently taking there is a risk of taking Benzodiazepines while on Suboxone (like, death). 
Anyway, Atarax was prescribed. I can't remember the dose now, I know it was more than 10mg, but it was 4-6 x daily as needed. It seemed to be working alright at first, but I think it was the controlled environment, when I left, it stopped working for my anxiety and panic attacks and has not had any useful effect since.
*Didn't experience any side effects"
4199	6.0	This medication does help with my anxiety, but after about an hour I'm so tired. I have trouble staying awake, and then I sleep on and off for half the day. On a better note though it does help me control my anxiety attacks.
4200	1.0	I get really bad panic attacks and suffer from panic disorder with agoraphobia.  My doctor tries to steer away from benzos because of the addiction factor, which is understandable.  However, Vistaril has done nothing for me.  It's as if I'm taking sugar pills.  If I'm suffering from an exceptionally bad panic attack, I still have to be taken to the E.R. where they give me benzos anyway.
4201	9.0	"Really works as my stress relief pill.  
I do feel a lot more relaxed and don't really have panic attacks anymore. It's cheap too."
4202	8.0	This little pill is great if used rarely because I myself become very tolerant of Atarax if I use it for more than 2 days in a row if you are really stressed. Tense or suffer from anxiety I think it's the best because it's not real habit forming! The only downfall for me is even in the 25mg dose it causes quite the hangover or I should say a daze for about 5 to 8 hrs the next day but no extreme side effects - just really relaxed. 
4203	7.0	This medicine is very effective if I need to calm down immediately, but it makes me really sleepy and keeps me from thinking clearly. I prefer the feeling of klonopin because it doesn't make me as tired, but I'm glad I have both because I can take the Vistaril at night to relax.
4204	4.0	Really did not do much for anxiety or sleep for me personally.  I do have a fairly high sedation tolerance however.
4205	10.0	I'm a recovering drug addict.  I have horrible anxiety.  Atarax works great and is not addicting. I think more rehab doctors should know this about this medication.
4206	1.0	This did not relieve anxiety. $200 dollars a month and it doesn't do much of anything.
4207	10.0	This medication has done wonders for my anxiety and associated anxiety side-effects such as sweating, etc. I've tried everything in the book and this old-timer finally has done the trick.
4208	2.0	It just doesn't seem to do anything for anxiety.
4209	3.0	I've been taking Vistaril 25 mg for 3 weeks and it has not helped me what so ever. At first I felt a little less nervous but when I had to go to an assembly it kicked right back up! Now I'm getting ready to get on Lexapro. Hopefully this drug works for me.
4210	10.0	This is a great medicine for my bipolar child, for anxiety.  I asked my own doctor for some when I found Ativan too sedating for daytime anxiety. I found it works even better when it came to muscle tension and racing thoughts than any other anti-anxiety medicine I've taken.
4211	1.0	It doesn't work at ALL for anxiety.
4212	4.0	I don't think it works all that great. I don't feel any side effects.
4213	7.0	It works really well for panic and anxiety although it seems like if I take enough of it to get rid of the panic feeling, then I feel depressed. I think benzodiazepines do a better job, but it's nice to have a non-addictive alternative.
4214	7.0	I have PTSD with flashbacks/anxiety and don't want to take benzodiazepines because I'm also an addict.  While Vistaril doesn't work quite as well, it does help and I feel better about taking it.
4215	9.0	The pill really works when you have the right dosage.
4216	8.0	I have extreme anxiety attacks that make it hard for me to breathe, which makes the oxygen levels in my brain go down. I have found that it helps me calm down to the point where I can rationalize the stress and anxiety that is causing the attack. I also find that when I am nauseous it helps me not vomit.
4217	9.0	I take this along with Lexapro... I was having such hard times falling asleep due to nine million things going on through the day ... then the anxiety kicked in...sometimes I would be up for hours while everyone is sound to sleep...When I started taking this I fall asleep within thirty mins and usually sleep sound. It is not addicting... and good price for the good things the meds do.
4218	9.0	"Having been prescribed for anxiety, which is fairly effective, I recently tried 5mg of Valium for my period pain. I recently ceased the depo injections, which stopped my cramps and periods completely.
The pain is debilitating, I’m curled up wanting to cut my uterus out with a knife!
I added the Diazepam into the mix along with the standard ibuprofen and Codeine, which help but not completely. Within 15 minutes, I use the heat whilst waiting for everything else to kick in, I start to feel better and after half an hour am virtually pain free. I’ve read that going down on my hands and knees would help, as the uterus hangs and relaxes. I do this with the heat pack stuffed in my waistband and maybe this helps take the edge off so quickly. I look like a fool, lol, but when it’s bad, as we all know it can be, you’re willing to try anything."
4219	9.0	I first begain taking diazepam after a long, candid conversation with my general doctor. I had used alcohol for years to suppress my anxiety. I quit that by tapering on my own, but knew I had to address the core issue if I could remain off of it. The dr. was very open and prescribed me a light dose of 2mg diazepam to be taken 3 times a day as needed. The medication worked wonders. There were (and still are) days that I would not use any, and days were I would need 2 or 3. I made sure to use the drug very carefully. So my dr. gives me a script each time I see him, every 3-6 months, making sure that I make them last. Unfortunately, people do misuse diazepam and all that really does is make it sound like a dirty drug to those of us in which it does wonders! Btw, with my insurance, it costs me just over $4 per prescription.
4220	4.0	"15 years ago my mother gave me a Kolonopin to help me out on my first plane ride and the euphoria of freedom from anxiety was instantly addicting. I soon got my own RX and over the years I was up to 4mg a day and my anxiety wasn’t improving. A very incredible psychiatrist told me it was now just harming me and my tolerance was far too high and he amazingly got me off Kolonopin to taper with Valium because of the longer half-life. I’m now down to 12mg a day (from the converted 60!) and it’s been hell. I’ve never been so anxious and  depressed. Though this is SADLY normal with tapering.
I’m working with therapists and trying to keep on a schedule of exercise and deep breathing but I fear I’ll never be able to break free from these terrible drugs that are killing me. (I also lost 80 lbs and my BMI is under 17 after the taper.) 
While I hate all benzos for what they’ve done to me, Valium is definitely the lesser of all the evils."
4221	9.0	Shame doctors don't use it for temporary help. Good stuff when not abused which I did do when I was younger.  Used in moderation  and works wonders
4222	10.0	"I average about 10 valium pills (5mg) per month.
Helps with:
1) Blood pressure spikes
2) Occasional anxiety
3) Difficultly going to sleep
4) Jetlag sleep disruption-international flights
5) Have used prior medical procedure to reduce tension &amp; anxiety
6) Can be used when wanting to reduce alcohol consumption"
4223	8.0	"I am from the UK.
I am prescribed 5mg diazepam for severe bouts of anxiety to take occasionally when absolutely needed. 
The diazepam really helps but please don't under estimate how dangerous these meds can be when not used responsibly. Only use under the careful advice of a qualified Doctor. 
So the insane hellish anxiety is calmed and soothed and I get a few hours of blessed relief with diazepam. It's like pouring a cooling balm over a painful burn. 

My criticism is that the effects only last a few hours and they are highly addictive and can be very dangerous and hell to wean off. Please use responsibly for short term use only if possible. Please use wisely and also
read the literature that come with the meds.

Diazepam has been a blessing for me when used occasionally when absolutely needed. It has provided relief from severe suffering. But I can't emphasize enough to please use carefully and responsibly, and under proper medical guidance by a qualified person."
4224	10.0	"Hi
I take Valium (diazapam) 1.5-2.5mg every second week for a few nights to help me sleep. My insomnia had become so bad it was effecting my memory and my work during the day and increasing my anxiety. I find it really helps me sleep well and function better during the day. Also reduces my anxiety and I don’t get side effects. My recommendations to take it less often so it works when you need it. I don’t find it addictive. It does have a long half life so it can build up in your system fast so that is something to watch."
4225	8.0	The medication I stopped for a month off a taper. And just went back on it. I was sweeting perfusely, along with social anxiety, and PTSD. It has been a god sent medication, But the only down fall is that it can have bad withdrawal symptoms!  But I was on xanax 4mg daily and Valium. The xanax withdrawal put me in the hospital but the Valium withdrawal is mild, but it is dangerous. Hope this helps someone in need of some advice!! Make sure it's only taken at the recommended dose and try too use it every couple of days not daily, otherwise you develop a tolerance.
4226	10.0	As I have really strong anxiety disorder I find it perfect for anxiety. I only take 2.5mg when needed for anxiety/panic attacks and it works within 20 minutes. It doesn't make me dizzy at all, it even makes my mind more clear.
4227	9.0	"After many years of suffering with major insomnia, and being prescribed many different sleeping pills that all had horrible side effects, I was finally prescribed Diazepam (as a trial). Although I'm aware that doctors do not like to prescribe this drug, I have to say that it was ""the one"" that gave me my life back.  I take 7.5 mg at bedtime only, and have been on the same dosage for approx. 8 years.  It has helped me tremendously with both anxiety and my sleeping.  I also had suffered my entire life (since childhood) from cold sores (at least one outbreak every 6 to 8 weeks) ugh. The oral drug I was given to ""speed up the healing process"" did indeed help, but was very hard on my system(constipation...tummy upset etc) Since taking Diazepam I have not had a single cold sore in 8 years. 
(it's a suppressant and therefore that makes sense, as cold sores are often triggered by stress)
 I've been lucky in that Diazepam (valium) has been extremely beneficial for me, and very inexpensive."
4228	7.0	Works really well and at first it was sedative but not anymore. I can take up to 10mg a day and still function normally, I'm holding down a job thanks to diazepam. My anxiety is not gone but it's under control, though I wouldn't suggest this for daily use as you can become dependent on it.
4229	1.0	At first this medication saved my life (literally) but as time went on things slowly but surely started to get worse, feelings of unreality sometimes severe insomnia, increased anxiety &amp; actually lead to feelings of depression.  I started of at 5 mg for one year then a year later 10mg and now my 3rd year taking this medication I am now on 15mg as you can see going up 5mg each year.  What I wasn't told before I took this medication is how addictive it was and as an ex drug addict they still gave me this medication. I am only 25 but this medication has ruined my life.  It is  ok for very short periods but do NOT take long term. If you  want my advice  it is do NOT take this medication it will ruin your life.
4230	10.0	best drug ever, I just wish I could control use
4231	10.0	The safest benodiazepine medicine for anxiety.
4232	10.0	Well 2mg was prescribed I have took it a few times if I'm feeling like really anxious or unable to sleep and yes it calms me -  not massively  - I think I'd need a higher dose to feel extremely relaxed it just calms the anxiety symptoms.
4233	10.0	Having anxiety my whole life I never sought help and always hid it. Eventually it led to depression which I covered up too. The final nail in my coffin was when I acquired a parasitic infection in my gut l. The infection left me with permanent irritable bowel syndrome which I suffer from every day. For a year straight I seen numerous nerve pain experts and probably had 100 pill bottles in my drawer which nothing helped. My first psychiatrist started to prescribe medicines I already tried which I denied then asked for 5mg valium. Miracle drug that took all pain away, physical and mental. After 2 years decided to stop which was a devil's ride to hell. Miracle drug with insane withdrawal when stopped even tapering. Back to being miserable now.
4234	10.0	"Fantastic drug. I can take it for ages and come off with zero effects. Everyone is different.
I'd take these over any anti depressants any day.
You only live once and what's the point of suffering I'd stress to a Dr if you're not allowed them. I have them for anxiety/spasms.
Make sure if any brand you get/ask for actavis.. others are useless. Chemists/NHS like the useless ones as they're cheap"
4235	1.0	Don't make the mistake so many others do by taking this horrible drug. You will get relief initially but make no mistake about it, this is really addictive and before you know it you will hit tolerance and will need to take more to continue feeling OK. However you may get to the point where it actually makes you feel horrible, waking up every morning with extreme anxiety and hopeless. I've off all benzos for 9 weeks now and I'm finally starting to feel normal. Before trying this med, do your research and you'll find out how many poor souls are out there suffering every day with very little relief.
4236	10.0	I have been taking 5mg Valium for the better part of 25 years. I was a huge drinker with a problem so I gave up the booze 12 years ago. However I have had major problems sleeping so I take a valium at night. Doctors hate given me Valium and it really blows me out as I don't drink and don't take illegal Drugs [ I did take heroin in the late 80s and some speed .. ].  I Haven't had drugs like that since 1980. I went two years without Valium and didn't bother me at all. I don't care what they say I will take valium until I die and I love the sleep I have. I have never taken one during the day because I don't wish to go to sleep or feel that way..
4237	8.0	"I find these are excellent medication

Top Notch!"
4238	4.0	Was given 5mg to take up to 3 times per day for anxiety. Didn’t use it each day, only when really necessary. Initially worked well, but extreme fatigue was a problem. Within a few weeks I was only taking it on 2 or 3 days per week, up to 2 doses. Sometimes I would half the tablets. By that time it was only helping for an hour or two so I stopped taking it. The withdrawal anxiety has been horrendous. My GP didn’t even talk about withdrawal to me. I won’t be recommending this to anyone apart from for emergency use. I am angry that I was prescribed this so easily with no advice given.
4239	10.0	This may seem really strange but I swear I seem to have more focus when I read very complex material. Is that normal? I found myself behind in law school because of Hurricane Irma that left me without electricity and becoming increasingly behind with the material because of power outages. I took one before I started working on it and I feel wonderful and unaffected by the stress of trying to catch up. Very interesting. Was wondering if anyone had similar experience . . . .
4240	10.0	My blood pressure was 270/120 and had to work through many drugs before this one lowered my anxiety and blood pressure. At 20 mg a day usually take all at night time for sleep to. Side effects sometimes headache. Strong addiction and should be weaned off it slowly or your head will hurt non stop for a month. A nightmare to stop cold. It lasts eight times longer than Xanax or Klonopin they are two brothers not to mess with. At first you may have the sedated effect before you become more resistant to the drug. Where you get the drug also makes a difference. Some stores give the yellow tablet which melts in mouth as clean as water. Other stores have an orange tablet that tastes like paper. Walmart has the good one and some grocery but not CVS.
4241	1.0	Was previously on lorazapam and switched to Valium in February. Since then I never felt relief and suffered every day from anxiety. It didn't matter if I took 2mg or 12mg I didn't feel better and in fact I felt more anxiety. A week ago I decided to stop it cold turkey and every day since I have felt 90% better. I'm going through some withdrawal like tinnitus and night time sweats but I wake up better and have been feeling happiness. I strongly recommend staying off any benzodiazepine and if you are going to take it, only for bad panic attacks. Never take them daily as they are very addictive and quite difficult to get off of. They say that benzos are more difficult to get off of than heroin. Try Gabapentin for anxiety.
4242	8.0	"I have suffered with anxiety and severe panic attacks for many years.

It is a GODSEND. Initially anyway.

I have noticed over the years I've had to increase the dose I take (which I've never taken daily).

5mg of diazepam  (Valium) never did much for me. But 7.5mg used to have a perfect effect. These days I need 15mg for that same affect. 

Its a shame. And I thought I wasn't abusing it because I didn't take it daily. (Generally 2 or 3 times a week, depending how I felt).

I'm still giving it a high rating for the many times its helped me.  

But even taking it as PRN has eventually caught up on me. If I don't take it for several days I start feeling sick. 

Devastated to lose a medication that can work so well."
4243	4.0	Never tried diazepam for anxiety or any other medication I also tried it for RLS . Its really effective but hard to stop and withdrawals are hell. I also acting like a zombie have risky sexual behaviour with this.
4244	10.0	I have been on Valium (diazepam) for 40 years, have never had any side effects, great drug. If prescribed properly, no one should ever have any problems with this drug if prescribed properly, &amp; if taking it for the right reasons.
4245	7.0	I would like to say that diazepam is very useful I only take it when I can't take control of my breathing and get to the point of thinking I'm going to faint, I must say as I don't like taking these pills I take the lowest dose, 2 mg which might not even help me sometimes but other times will make me feel drowsy and make me go to sleep, I don't like taking higher dosage for the plain reason of wanting to be in control of my body, I don't want to fall asleep if I don't want to, or have a deep sleep and stop breathing, this I know is part of my anxiety, being scared of these things, so the only bad thing I can say is that depending on he dose you can feel sleepy and not function properly, for example I wouldn't dare to drive
4246	10.0	5mg to 10mg every morning gets me through the day without sleepiness nor euphoria side effects and makes me feel completely “normal”.
4247	10.0	"I've suffered day upon day with extreme anxiety and panic attacks. I have tried all sorts of medications but they just made me feel like a zombie and couldn't function. 

My GP prescribed me 2mg diazepam and I have to say this stuff has been amazing. My anxiety has reduced but when I'm in having a bad day they are brilliant as a quick release.

No side affects at all just a sense of calm :)"
4248	10.0	"This medication is amazing for me. I have severe anxiety. It was affecting me at work, at home. I was having anxiety attacks and felt
like I couldn't breathe constantly. It was terrible plain and simple. I was lucky to find a psychiatrist who had an immediate opening and was accepting new patients. She started me off on 5mg of diazepam. I took it and with in 30 min I started to feel relief from the anxiety. I take it once in the morning, once in the afternoon and take 2 pills before bed and it's helped me so much. I love it. I don't abuse it and don't recommend anyone to abuse it. You can build a tolerance to it so your doctor might adjust your milligrams. This is a quick fix for anxiety but will not help in the long run."
4249	8.0	"Now 77 years old, I have Depression with mild anxiety.  I am white married male with Mild Cognitive Impairment.   First took Valium (diazapam) first pill 5 mg in grad school 40 years ago, for acute  anxiety and slept for 14 hours.   Have been taking on and off, mostly for a nights sleep.  

It has had a beneficial effect over all, when taken perhaps as little as once a week.  Now, going through difficult times, I'm up to 10-20 mg to get to sleep, as being awake worrying is more harmful.

I'm approaching addiction, yet my choices is depression, and agitation that only makes things worse.  So, I'm a bit of a zombie, not good, but seems better than agitated depression (if there is such a condition)"
4250	10.0	I had nasal surgery (septoplasty/latera splints) (1st surgery scheduled &amp; 2nd was emergency surgery in 8 day span).  During consultation I mentioned that I'm not a mouthbreather and was anxious about breathing issues (not being able to breath or stop/dying in my sleep).  He gave me Valium to assist with the anxiety.  This medication is wonderful...it's only short term for me as I'm recovering from post-op traumatic experience.  Took it twice daily during the first 11 days now I take it only at bed-I feel rested when I wake up and I'm not crying/shaking/emotional when asked about the surgeries (yes it was horrible bc thats how they found out I'm allergic to silicone).  I will be coming off this med in a month or 2
4251	1.0	I used to be on Klonopin for years and I think it helped but I'm not sure since I was also on Paxil. It came to a point where neither were working for me even at higher dosages so I started taking Ativan. This really helped my anxiety but it would come back every morning. Eventually I hit tolerance and had to increase it. Eventually I hit tolerance again and I found myself feeling more anxious than ever. I decided it was time to get off. The doctor put me on Valium because it's easier to taper off than any other benzo. He suggested I could take anywhere from 4mg to 10mg per day. I slowly tapered down to 1.5mg but I was miserable.  I reinstated and went back up to 6mg and have also tried 10mg and it has never worked for me. Stay away from it
4252	10.0	I take Valium 2mg PRN for panic attacks. I was nervous about using it. I also had this warped idea that I would be labeled a pill head for taking a drug like Valium. I can honestly say that Valium is a life saver. The first time I took it all I could think about was how I regretted not taking it sooner. I can actually live my life now. You have to be careful though. It is very easy to build a tolerance to it. Use the lowest amount you need, because You would be surprised how much of a difference 1 mg will make. I have been trying to use it as a tool rather than a crutch. I also have ADD and Valium helps me fall asleep at night when I feel restless
4253	8.0	I have bipolar 2, generalized anxiety disorder and suffer panic attacks. I am given Valium 5mg to take 'when needed'. While I feel it works well on generalized (mild to moderate) anxiety, it's not the most effective medication to take to during acute episodes like in a panic attack. I feel the 5mg isn't enough. Also if you take it even every few days, it pretty quickly becomes less effective meaning you may have to increase the dose. I now take 10mg as needed. It's very helpful, and I find it to be very effective, but perhaps not strong enough during acute panic attacks, but in general this medication is a blessing.
4254	10.0	Suffering 16 years ago from PTSD after being told in hospital that I only had 30 mins before I would die, I was a wreck when I came home and lived in fear and terror, shortness of breath, uncontrollable shaking, extreme nausea, body aching all over, doctor and specialist visits - had every test known to the medical world, all came back normal.  Finally a friend suggested I try Zoloft and after a week I felt myself starting to feel normal again and after six months I gave it up, but since then I periodically have PTSD symptoms and 5mg of Valium (don't buy generic diazepam) on those days has been my life saver.  God bless you Pfizer Pharmaceuticals!
4255	10.0	"I have been suffering from anxiety for years, I was very afraid of benzos because the potential risk of addition. I was prescribed everything in the anti depressive medicine group, plus a lot of antipsychotic medicine ( I am not psychotic ) just to avoid benzos.
Nothing worked,-finally I gave Xanax and Valium a chance. 
It has been a life change, it works and it give me the control back.
If you are in doubt because of fears of addiction, let me ask you
How nice is anxiety attacks, how nice is it to have no control.
There is medicine that can help you so why not take it?
Me, I would have committed suicide if I did not start to take  benzodiazepines.
They saved me."
4256	10.0	I only use it when I'm having a panic attack (5mg) and it's incredibly effective. Just knowing it's there can be enough to stave off panic. Should never be used for mild anxiety, or used regularly, because it's important to use your own resources to deal with that, and you can become tolerant - but for those occasions when you feel you're losing control, there's nothing more effective that Diazepam. Doctors hate prescribing it - they assume you don't know how to use it responsibly.
4257	10.0	I try not to use them often, I usually just try to put up with my anxiety because I don't want to go on antidepressants as none of them have worked for my anxiety and made my mood worse. So I find Valium when I really need it fantastic, it is quick and no side effects for me. It's a pity the doctors don't like prescribing it, people who abuse it make it hard for someone like me who really needs it in times of severe anxiety.
4258	9.0	I take 5mg twice a week and I would take more but my tolerance goes up quickly.  This medication works great and I would take everyday if I could with out the tolerance increasing but I don't want to chase the effects by taking more. I want to manage the medication not the medication managing me. I do take Tramadol three time a week on the days I don't take diazepam. I take each according to what I need that day for pain or anxiety what ever is worse.  I will go off everything for a week or two when ever my tolerance gets to high which is about every three or four weeks.
4259	9.0	"Great for anxiety. 2mg is reasonably gentle, lasts for about 2 hours and seems to minimize the crazy adrenaline-induced chatty-worried 'on edge' mind, a general inability to enjoy things and the paranoia that comes with the IQ-drop/iffy concentration (I.e. assuming the worst). Along with some coping strategies, consistent sleep and 'get up and go' tackling of fears, I find it really useful. Frustratratingly, it can't be used as needed and there's no ""prozac weekly"" equivalent, for obvious reasons."
4260	10.0	Excellent for obsessive thinking
4261	9.0	"I have had anxiety and depression for many years and tried almost every anti-depressant and sedative known to man. I even used to self medicate with pot and booze. Until my back went out and the doctor gave me Valium.

10mgs at night kept me much more relaxed but able to work and drive, better still my anxiety dissipated and my performance at work, ESP during meetings was markedly improved.

I still take 150mg Effexor (SNRI) but it's the Valium that really did the job. My psychologist could not believe what an improvement the Valium had made and since then I take 10mg at night.

I have heard bad things regarding withdrawals but I have had periods of 2-3 weeks of no valium with very little if any withdrawals compared to ""THE XANAX HELL""!!"
4262	10.0	"I've suffered social anxiety for years and just battled on. Then someone smashed into my car from behind while in traffic and I started having awful panic attacks. I didn't really know what they were at first but I was struggling badly. Eventually things calmed down but a hugely stressful life situation caused the attacks to flair up again.
I finally sought help and was prescribed 2mg diazepam, 1 - 2 Tabs for an attack. I will barely take a headache tablet I was extremely worried about using Valium. But it's absolutely amazing. Use it with caution, take as little as possible and stop and see what happens. I can take half a tablet (1mg) to completely stop panic episodes that have built up over time. Be careful and it will serve you well."
4263	10.0	I was put on 10mg Diazepam up to three times a day (90 pills). I must say this is a very good medication for my anxiety and socializing problems. Was on Klonopin but it was not as strong as Diazepam. I only take when needed not all the time. Simply the best!
4264	4.0	Since beginning my dose of 10 mg of Diazepam 2x daily, my sleep is nowhere near restful. I have wild dreams, they feel very realistic and usually start well, but end in panic right before i wake up. This of course contributes to the giant versace bags under my eyes because I feel as if instead of sleeping, I just went through something crazy! At night, I take 10 mg 30 minutes before bed. Before that, iIfeel anxious, tense, and upset. I usually have to cancel plans with friends or loved ones because I can not get myself to put the effort in. Nights feel SO long and I used to love sleep, but now I almost want to avoid sleeping. overall, I'm not seeing how Diazepam is better than Klonopin, if anything, it's worse.
4265	10.0	I was suicidal aged 25. Anxiety and Depression. Diazepam saved my life. I started on 5mg 3 Times a day for a week cut down to 2 for a week then one at night under doctors orders. Also one Prozac in the mornings 20 mg. I felt better straight away. Don't let anyone scare you from taking Diazepam, yes they are addictive BUT my quality of life since taking it has been as a (normal) person. I really can't praise it enough as I know I wouldn't be here and living a good life without it. If the tablets help then why not take them.  Thanks for reading.
4266	10.0	I try and avoid taking valium and only use it as the last resort if physical techniques (progressive relaxation, breathing control etc...) don't work. At most I have I never taken more than two 5mg tablets in a day. I find on an empty stomach the effects are within 10-15 minutes and it certainly calms things down mostly.  In my anxiety state I get a dreadful felling in the pit of my stomach followed by chest tightness and also the inevitable irrational thoughts, even though I know they are irrational. The valium seems to smooth it our and there is that calmness which block crazy thoughts (claustrophobia is one of them, being trapped, worrying about inconsequential things, playng out what-if scenarios... completely irrational stuff)
4267	10.0	I'm new to anxiety,  having to recover from leg surgerys for long periods of time without getting out of my room much, I had my first anxiety /panic attack after 8 weeks in bed. After a trip to the hospital, I was then placed on valium, many times per day at the beginning but just a few months later  I use them as needed. Maybe 2 per day. I have another surgery coming up and will be down again for only 8 weeks total. But this time I have prepared for more visitors as well as I will be mobile soon after surgery. I'm keeping my valium for now and hoping to get away from them during my physical therapy.
4268	10.0	Works fast and is best thing that I have tried for my panic attacks
4269	10.0	The last time I took it, it worked very well. It took a lot longer to kick in than xanax, but also kept working longer. It also helped with some of my chronic pain, which was nice.
4270	9.0	To anyone scared of taking this infamous drug (which I was) - you won't lose your sobriety, it just slows down your brain. This means it's great for situations where you risk creating phobia instead of familiarity (new places, new people). I'm armed with all the tools I need for knowing what my body and brain need as things happen (self-reassurance, gratitude, understanding, catching my own cogs before they turn, time out, etc) but you can't always choose when sensory overload will happen. As a pre-emptive measure this will be a useful tool for me when I know things'll be too handle even with an arsenal of knowledge to tackle the triggers.
4271	1.0	avoid this medication it has stolen my life. i wasn,t told the risks of addition and withdrawal. and believe me when your going through withdrawal your on your own as drs are in denial about the consequences of this drug which i can only describe as horrific.  run for the hills if your prescribed benzos
4272	10.0	I have severe GAD since my teens but it really hit me harder in my early 20's, I had been taking generic Valium for 8 yrs then got into a psychiatrist at first he switched me over to Xanax 1mg 3X daily which works for immediate panic attacks but would wear off very quickly and I would wake up first thing in the morning with my heart racing and had to take 1, I told him this and got switched back to my original dose of Valium which lasts all day, 1 and a half 10mg in the morning and the same at night and I no longer had to wake-up first thing for my meds, and they pretty much prevent my panic attacks unlike the Xanax.I can function just fine and work with people now that I'm at the right dose and not be self conscience great medication!
4273	10.0	I'm 24, and have PTSD, bipolar and anxiety disorder. I have recently had the scariest panic attacks, 911 calls and ER visits. So bad I thought I was dying...every night. I took klonodopin and it didn't help. My doctor prescribed this today and I haven't feel this relaxed or not in fear in a long time. I'm thankful to this medication. I couldn't handle it anymore. Nothing else has helped.
4274	10.0	Thank you Valium!
4275	10.0	"I have very severe anxiety that has landed me in the ER plenty of times before I was diagnosed with being in an ""Anxiety State"". My first medication was Ativan and I loved it but they switched me to 5mg Valium. I can function more on Valium. I take 1 during an attack and I'm calm for 5-6 days. I get very relaxed and I sleep great! So far I really like it. It says No Refills on my bottle so after I go through the 19 pills I have left idk what they'll have me take. So I'm with a  therapist for now that I meet with once a week for now."
4276	10.0	Lifesaver was having very bad panic attacks tight chest pounding heart sweaty palms dizziness, was even 5mg tabs cut one half because was very nervous of taking any medication at all, with in 20 min all symptoms have gone, tablets made slightly sleepy for first hour of taking them,was told to use them only when a really had to three days on still feeling good no need to take any yet fingers crossed :)
4277	8.0	"I've been on 20 mg (4x5mg  daily)for over 30 years now .Some days I take a few more ,Put on them after an operation went wrong and they are the only pill that helps with severe muscle spasms .
Hate being addicted but at my age refuse to come off ."
4278	10.0	Been on diazepam for approx 4 years. I became tolerant within a few months but it still helps to this day. That may be some sort of placebo effect, i don't know. Anxiety starting to subside so looking for something to transition to to come off diazepam as it is not something you want to be reliant on. However, excellent for PRN. Will most likely if not definitely save you from a anxiety attack and nothing will bother you at all. Thats not to say you will become reckless or impulsive but to say you can get on with things. I'd be in a bad way without this medication!!!
4279	2.0	I took Valium for almost 3 years and it helped my anxiety. I started on 5mg three times a day then that increased to 4 times a day. I started waking in the early morning thinking I had bad pills because they weren't working. I found out I was in tolerance and started having tolerance withdrawal. It's very hard to come off. I tried to stop cold turkey and on day 3 it felt like I had been shocked with a cattle prod. I went back to 15 mg and started a slow taper.  Added remeron for sleep while tapering. I would steer clear from benzos and find something else for anxiety, these should not be taken for long periods of time.It make your world a better place to be and forget life's problems for a short time but you will face consequences later.
4280	10.0	"I've tried every drug going for anxiety and panic attacks. I will stutter , start shaking I can't think straight and if I'm in a room with someone I just need to get out, it's like being total paranoid.
Then I got prescribed diazepam 5mg and wow a drug that's finally worked.
I only use it if I'm going into a place where I'm going to have an attack , like a managers office etc , or if I can't sleep as tiredness triggers my anxiety.
If I could take it everyday I would but as it's so addictive I only take 2 or 3 times a week.
I just need to not go over the limit .
This is a wonder drug but don't take it daily"
4281	7.0	Excellent for anxiety, and panic attacks. Saved me from myself. However I have put a stone on in weight - I know this is unusual, but I have not changed my diet in any way, and prior to this I had lost 3 and half stone , which stayed off for over a year without any gain, prior to taking this medication. Very upsetting..
4282	10.0	I was first prescribed Valium about 18 months ago to assist with combating panic disorder. My personal experience with generic brands of the drug have been, without a doubt, excellent. I believe my improvements are due to the combination of Valium, regular CBT therapy, and making consistent changes (ie pushing myself socially, improving diet and exercise). Many of us, can become overly reliant on medication, so I feel a holistic approach is needed for real, long term results. However, for moderate to severe anxiety/panic attacks, Valium is INCREDIBLE. Gives a true, gradual calming effect, with no grogginess or next-day hangover. The effect can only be described as feeling clear-headed. Definitely worth a try.
4283	7.0	"I have been on this medication for a few months now- but before this I was on xanax as well as klonopin. This medication is weaker in my opinion than klonopin, but it lasts a very long time which is great. It doesn't do much justice for sudden panic attacks but keeps my overall anxiousness at bay. Currently taking 5mg TID and it definitely helps me sleep. Klonopin is stronger but gave me odd and sudden mood swings, and xanax didn't last long enough. If you're looking for a good anti-Anxiety medication that lasts long this is good for you! Also if you are trying to taper off of Benzodiazipines in general, this is a good one to be on due to its ""weaker effects"" I would call it. Being on it doesn't make me tired during the day either!"
4284	10.0	I suffer from anxiety attacks and I am 22mg diazepam now my doctor now wants me of them altogether and put me on antidepressants which I have said no to I do not think he liked
4285	10.0	It's early days for me taking Valium but I have noticed a general sense of well being. I think that if you REALLY need this drug then it's a blessing. I was suffering from post operative depression and long term anxiety issues. I don't feel like I'm zoned out or in some kind of vegetative state. I'm functionally normally but with a greater sense of calmness. Before taking Valium it was like I had a million things bouncing around in my head or like I was in a sweet shop with a mind racing around as to what lollies I wanted. I have heard negative things about Valium but I am convinced that if you genuinely need this drug then it's a wonderful thing. I give it the thumbs up.
4286	10.0	I am not enforcing anybody to use this drug, that is not my intention, but I have to express how happy I am to my general practionair for prescribing me this wonderful pill. I have been extremely anxious for several days, so anxious I failed to attend my driving test. I have had chest pain and tightness for several days. Once I took 5mg Diazepam (Valium), within 1.5 hours it was all gone, the anxiety had subsided and I was able to sleep like a baby throughout the whole night. It is morning now, and I still don't feel anxious, neither am I experiencing any pains or tightness anymore. Definitely 10/10.
4287	10.0	Amazing drug for anxiety. I don't find it addictive. Just great!
4288	10.0	Got me off alcohol, been sober for 3 years. Mellows me &amp; effective hunger tool.
4289	2.0	"I've been on diazepam for years. At first I thought it was the wonder drug.
It worked quickly and the relief was amazing. I suffered from anxiety, panic attacks and generalized depression for years prior.
But then the wonder drug stopped working -  just like that , immediately - all the benefits I came to trust disappeared. I was left in the same state as before taking.
I should mention that the med stopped working after only a very brief period, perhaps months. However my doctor continues to prescribe, why I don't know.  I rarely take it any more, but when I do, hoping for the same relief initially felt - nothing!!!
Only advise I can offer is; if it works for you, great BUT don't think it is the cure, at least not long term."
4290	10.0	I get bad anxiety and panic when I am alone at home and it gets dark. Feel REALLY claustrophobic and can freak out badly. I started to take high doses of  my amitriptyline to try and knock myself out in total desperation. I didn't care about the risks I just wanted the horrific feelings to go away. My GP prescribed 5-10mg of diazapam which I only take when things become unmanageable! It has amazing results. Am home alone now, it's dark and I feel quite comfortable. It really has saved my sanity and my life as I couldn't have gone on much longer like I was. Miracle drug 
4291	10.0	Even before I got fired valium kept me calm and stress free. You don't have to take to many for them to work. You can skip days and still feel the same affect.
4292	10.0	"Doseage: 5mg, 6 times a day

PRO: That's a lot of valium.  It helps some (6 of 10) with anxiety and cuts back my ""plugged into an electric socket feeling.  Helps get to sleep. It is a great muscle relaxer and helps a great deal with my muscle spasms.  Don't know what I'd do without it.

CON:  Makes me sleepy.  I have to be careful to take the drug on schedule.  Otherwise I can wind up with too much in my system at once.  Dangerous when driving.  You cannot drink alcohol with diazepam.  You don't just get sleepy; You pass out without warning.  I mean pass out. Maybe OK at home in bed.  Really bad any where else."
4293	10.0	I've been on valium for about 6 months now and have severe social anxiety and separation anxiety. But it definitely helps. Allows me to not feel as claustrophobic and not to get as shaky or frozen in anxiety producing situations. If I have an anxiety attack or feel like I'm going to have one then I will take a valium and it helps me get through the day.
4294	10.0	"Hello! I am a nurse and I suffer from anxiety and depression from very early age. I used many antidepressants through the years, but nothing was as helpful such as diazepam. It's a miracle drug.Finaly, maby in first timemy life l am filling calm and so secure   Because I am a nurse I was very afraid to take this kind of drugs, because I listened many times that this kind of drugs, called benzodiazepines can create an addiction  in a very short time, but my psychotherapist told me: ""yes, that's kind of drugs can be addictive, but who cares if it make you to feel good? It not working such narcotic drugs- usually you don't need to take larger amounts of drug through the years in order to receive the same influence."""
4295	10.0	I was prescribed 5mg tablets and although the Valium makes me feel a bit drowsy it one hundred percent helps with my anxiety.
4296	10.0	I can't eat or be around a lot of people with out it or zannex. Zannex is good but doesn't last as long. My Mom even said while I was on diazepam, it's good to see a smile on your face:-)! It may may make you feel kind of goofy for a couple days but after that it just helps. The sedation subsides as well. A very tolerable medication that really does help. Trust me!
4297	10.0	I am a newbie to Valium. Just took my first dose today, 10 mg. The doctor prescribed it for the acute anxiety attacks I have once in a while. I have generalized anxiety disorder mixed with bipolar disorder. I take Pristiq for the anxiety and it has helped but it doesn't cover everything. When I'm anxious I cannot go outside and become bedridden. I am also on 70mg of Vyvanse for ADD and it took the doctor some time to be convinced of the benefits of taking a benzo. You know, the whole upper/downer concern. I took my Valium in the evening when the Vyvanse was wearing off. It worked wonders. It kicked in 15 minutes upon taking it. the only side effect is that I feel a little wobbly when standing. But the fact that I am calm makes up for it
4298	8.0	I also have analgesia for recurrent kidney stones. Diazepam is particularly useful at night - 5-10mg in aiding sleep and reducing the need for strong analgesia. It has also been great in helping reduce my alcohol intake.
4299	10.0	"Date: 07-08-2016...Re Valium: I have been taking Valium for the past three years as I suffer from Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I very seldom take Valium. Like, 4 mg a week or 4 mg twice a week or I can go a month without taking it.  It is very subtle, it will start working after 20 minutes which has been my experience.  Valium does melt my anxiety and panicky feelings away even at 4 mg. After taking it, I would feel like my old self.  I tried to score it by 2 mg; however, it is not effective.  I think those who try it the first time should go 4 mg or 5 mg. I am also taking an SSRI for my anxiety condition.  SSRI is not perfect. 
Some days are tough so I tough it out by not taking a Valium. If you don't abuse it, you can take it for life."
4300	8.0	"I was prescribed to take Bromazepam, and the only thing i can say about it is that it made my head really confused. I felt drowsiness and sometimes even nausea. It affected my concentration and memory capabilities, which was really bad since i am a student. Valium, however, made me lessen my anxiety so much. The only ""side effect"" is that it makes you sleepy and it does kinda affect your memory abilities throughout the day. I use 5mg of Valium whenever i need it."
4301	10.0	I've tried all the benzos to treat my panic attacks, and this one I chose to settle on. It's the most mild on my system. The effects are subtle, but they successfully address the anxiety without making me too tired. I try not too take more than 2 10mg pills per week. I also take 200mg Lamictal and 20mg Prozac, which lessened the instances of panic.
4302	10.0	"I have a very positive experience with Valium. I'm taking it 8 years now, only as needed. This medication allows my to relax and socialize.  But...""God over everything"" is my motto."
4303	2.0	I had have valium for 4 years for anxiety and panic attacks. It works in the beginning but the last 2 years had been a hard struggle with witdrawal symptoms and it is a drug that is really powerful and will make u addicted to it. It is so hard to stop with valium and the taper had take almost 2 years!!! I have 40 mg in the beginning and is now on 11,25 mg. Will continue ten mor weeks. Thw w/d is the worst thing I ever felt. It makes me so sick. And I dont wish my worst enemy this. Never start with a benzo if u dont want to destroy your life fpr ever. In Sweden the smallest amount is 2,5 mg, we dont have fluid so I made my own titration. Valium had stole 2 years of my life ...
4304	10.0	My doctor will not prescribe medicine for my panic attacks.  I have depression and when I have a panic attack have trouble breathing.  Doctors will not prescribe valium for these attacks because he says they are addictive.  This is crazy.  I am not a drug addict and need something to help me thru these attacks.  What to do.  Maybe a little lead to the head would take care of these attacks.
4305	10.0	I suffer from panic attacks. They occur maybe twice a year. When I do have one it feels like a heart attack. I have tried Xanax and hated the way it made me feel. Valium, or diazepam is the only pill that when I am having a panic attack I take it with in minutes it calms me down and I snap right back to normal. I have no side effects, no drowsiness. This is because I take it for extreme emergencies when I truly need it. One time I did take it just to fall asleep and I did hallucinate and made me feel drowsy. I never did that again. This pill works for panic attacks. Though mine a rare I would recommend it to anyone who suffers from them. They are not addicting if you take them the right way.
4306	10.0	I have taken this for many years 5mg x 3 a day. My nerves will take over without it and my new doctor wants me to quit taking them. Why when a medicine works for you does a new doctor want to undermine the other doctor it seems and change everything.  I am 58 and I think I know how my body reacts to medications a bit better than someone that has seen me in an office for 10 minutes.  They don't listen.  Is there doctors still out there that see some people need Valium to be able to function in life and their jobs. I have worked all my life and contributed to society yet to be treated like a drug addict when going in to the doctors office. Does anyone have any helpful advise on how to choose a doctor that understands? Thanks
4307	10.0	My Saviour, Suffered severe anxiety panic attacks constantly for the last 4 wks heart racing trembling stomach, tried numerous meds citalapram, sertraline, prozac etc which all made my anxiety much worse. My dr prescribed 5mg twice daily of diazipam, morning &amp; night I take 2.5mg in the evening a quarter in the morning &amp; the other quarter in the afternoon so 5mg in all daily. It has instantly been a. lifesave and a wonder drug for me.  I don't plan on over doing it or staying on it for very long. but if anyone is suffering badly I would say there is no harm in giving it  a try. If you can -  the side effects from other meds I'd tried was horrific &amp; with diazepam I've had non.  I hope this helps
4308	8.0	This medication worked well fo me to relieve anxiety. It is only intended for short term use 4-6 weeks max. Valium is a Benzodiazapine and as such is highly addictive. I took it for 3 months 30 mg a day when I tried to stop the withdrawals were so severe I stayed on it. I stayed on it for 3 years eventually getting my dose down to 10-15 mg a day. But even this was up and down, I was eventually sent to a rehab to try and get off of it. While there I had two granmall seizures and almost died. Benzodiazepines are known as the worst detox in the world, heroin is a cake walk compared to them. The detox can last for months and they are one of the few drugs that can cause death during detox. You got to taper really slowly or you can die.
4309	8.0	I current take this medication to stay calm. I have bad anxiety due to some ptsd related issues.  I've tried em all from Ativan-Xanax, and this medication works well. I currently take a generic brand. The brand is TEVA. I did not like the Mylan brand, for it was chalky and was weak. TEVA is a great generic Valium and it helps very well for people struggling from anxiety disorder. I hope this helps somebody.
4310	1.0	"Used for 17yrs, worked well at first but needed increased doses as I became tolerant,held the same dose for past 7 yrs then suddenly became acutely anxious and agoraphobic dose was increased again but only result was awful unsteadiness on my feet.

Finally was told that some people get withdrawal symptoms even whilst taking the same dose and it seems that is the problem I have,never been this ill in my life and now i face having to taper off it which scares me, my experience and opinion is it was fine short term but long term caused me more problems than it ever solved."
4311	9.0	I've been on 5mg of Diazepam (Valium) for several years now.  My prescription calls for 2 pills/day per month.  The 60 pills usually last me 4-6 months, so I don't need to take them all the time.  When I get a panic attack 1 pill usually takes care of it. If not, I take another one a few hours later.  I have tried many anxiety meds, this is the only one that seems to work.
4312	3.0	"I've always had problems with persistent depression since I was 14 (I'm now 25) but I've never been suicidal. It took me a couple of weeks to realise it but this medication made me suicidal! I was prescribed it for anxiety and restless legs at night, it did get me to sleep but I woke up several times through out the night. I was originally prescribed half a 5 ml tablet but had no effect until I took 2 tablets (10mg). Because I didn't become suicidal immediately after taking the tablets I didn't realise this was what was causing it but after becoming sus I googled ""can diazepam can suicidal thoughts"" and sure enough there were plenty of similar complaints. I've stopped taking it and doing much better"
4313	10.0	I suffered from severe anxiety and anxiety attacks for over 20 years. the psychiatrists I was seeing had me on different anti anxiety drugs but nothing worked. The attacks got so severe and so often that I had to sign myself into a mental hospital. the house doctor in the hospital gave me 2 blue valium and he told me to place them under my tongue. wow I couldn't believe it. After about 10 minutes I finally calmed down. the anxiety totally drained from my body.  As time went by I would feel another anxiety attack come on. I would take my valium and the attacks would go away. That happened about 30 years ago and I no longer suffer from anxiety attacks. Also I do not abuse the valium   I don't take them anymore.
4314	1.0	This drug will ultimately ruin your life. The withdrawal has been described as worse than heroine.
4315	1.0	this medication was designed for short term relief of anxiety.  Which is 4 to six weeks. max dose is 20mg a day.   this medication is addictive.
4316	9.0	"Increased quality of my life after trying several antidepressants (did
nothing helpful at all!). Side effects made matters worse despite doing nothing for my chronic anxiety due to bouts of cancer."
4317	10.0	Valium/is a life saver. INSTANT calming from anxiety,  depression.  Put the tablet under your tongue .. immediately  released into your system. ADDICTED? So what?,  it works .. no different than HAVING TO TAKE HEART MEDS for the rest of my life. I'm not addicted to them .. they keep me alive. Valium  keeps me sane and prevents depression &amp; anxiety. .. difference ?..NONE .. Feel the same way about Ambian. Sleep disorders  my entire life... age 50  Dr recommended. Now really get a GOOD NIGHT DEEP SLEEP .. totally rested in the morning instead of tired.  ADDICTED  ... yup .. same same as Valium ... my body responds positively  ... so who cares if it is an addiction  .. it works for the purpose intended. And I am healthier &amp; happier.
4318	1.0	"Unless you are using this as a one off say for a flight or dental work do not touch it! Docs may warn it is addictive but they won't tell you that with long term use you can actually go into withdrawal whilst still maintaining the same dose.

I have been on it for 17 years and it's ruined my life, anxiety is worse and I have developed severe agoraphobia and depression, did my research since the doctors are no help and these are common effects of long term use.

No one warned me and now I face withdrawing which is complicated and painful in itself but the only way I stand a chance of recovery, it will take a very long time though, the drowsiness was awful, that wore off but I am so unsteady on my feet that it amplifies my anxiety."
4319	9.0	Had major panic attacks and tried everything until diazipam and now for years way better
4320	10.0	It has changed my life. It's a wonder drug for me.
4321	9.0	I have suffered depression, social anxiety, and generalized anxiety for as long as I can remember. It has effected so many areas of my life, and this medication really has been a god send. I have also tried Xanax, though while effective, it is a short acting benzo with nasty withdrawal effects. Diazepam is much more gentle, and I've never experienced any adverse side effects. Unfortunately here in the UK it's practically impossible to get prescribed which makes the Internet the only option of obtaining. Why, I don't know since drugs like alcohol cause far more problems. It's a shame as I think responsible adults should be able to choose their win medication and what works for them. SSRI's certainly don't for me.
4322	10.0	I love this medication and it frustrates me that it is shunned upon so heavily by most doctors and mental health practitioners. Its true the withdrawals can be incredibly bad but if not abused, this medication is a god send for those with anxiety. I have strong mood issues and while I try to meditate / exercise / eat small regular meals / keep busy and be active etc. which helps most days, sometimes it just doesn't cut it when I'm having a extreme anxiety and just need to relax. I was prescribed 5mg for travel (panic attacks flying) but I cut that in 1/4 and just take 1.25mg occasionally here and there when I need it. That's all you need and I find it does the job amazingly.
4323	9.0	Diazapam is really a wonder drug I take one sometimes two 5mg tabs a day and within 30 minutes my anxiety symptoms are gone and I feel calm and relaxed.
4324	10.0	I struggled with severe anxiety disorder and panic disorder for five years before I finally had a nervous breakdown followed by a week of severe suicidal depression - I caved in and took the Valium I had in my drawer and it saved my life that week. The first one I took actually made me feel completely normal - something I hadn't experienced in years. I take it now when I feel really anxious. 2mg calms the anxiety and puts me to sleep. No side effects. I am wary of taking too much so only resort to them when desperate. They reduce my panics both mentally (rushing disturbing thoughts) and physically. I know I probably shouldn't say this but they are amazing. However I would rather raise my own GABA naturally. Doctors don't like prescribing?
4325	10.0	"I've been on Benzos for 4 years now.
My very first script was 0.5mg Alprazolam 3x daily. I expected it to be more effective, and it built a tolerance very fast. Then I got a Rx for 1mg Lorazepam 3x daily, worked better than Alprazolam. Then I got put on Clonazepam 1mg 3x daily. Worked WONDERS! But tolerance was the issue. My doctor introduced me to Diazepam, she said this benzo rarely raises tolerance on anyone. Took his word, got a script for 10mg Diazepam 4x daily. Now my life is SET. By far the best and most complete benzo. Thank you Diazepam!"
4326	10.0	I had pain in my stomach no one could diagnose for three months. I was put on SSRI that made me worse an I lost 35 pounds with no appetite. Pain one day released and I became extremely anxious . by taking a small dose of Valium in the am and pm I am so much better also was given Dr Claire Weeks book which helped. I never thought I would recover hang in there.
4327	10.0	I was given this for GAD, 5mg twice daily.  It works great for anxiety and for sleep.  I'm authorized 15mg daily but normally I take 10 as described above.  Before this I tried lie 20 different medications and they all gave me several side effects until the Doc gave me this one. Mild muscle relaxer which I also need, god for sleep and awake on day time when  need to be awake and alert.  Sure, if I lay back on day time after taking the pill I can easily take a nice nap. ;-)
4328	10.0	Diazapan have saved my life I take two 5mg tablets a day. While on these meds my head seems more clearer I don't want to harm my self or others
4329	10.0	"Valium has saved my life. I suffered from ""neck tightness"" that almost drove me to the point of insanity, which no doctor could diagnosis or understand. I thought there was no solution and had lost all hope. It turned out to be a psychological thing (anxiety disorder) but the Valium immediately alleviated my symptoms. I take the Valium when I feel my anxiety symptoms flare up. These days I don't need to take it that often, knowing its just anxiety"
4330	10.0	Had a nervous breakdown years ago after coming off steroids. I was agitated, angry and so anxious I could not function, I did not want to do anything, I'd stay in my room and hide away due to strong feelings of anxiety! Diazepam allowed me to be able to leave the house, interact with friends and family who I would have avoided, go grocery shopping and cope in large crowds! Wonderful drug and remember, theres use and theres abuse...
4331	10.0	I have been on diazepam long term,  started because of PTSD.  It is a mild sedative if I'm relaxing I'll get tired, if I'm working I don't get tired I just feel no negative feelings.  It really is a chill pill.  I am in construction field now and no issues and if I take one before going to bed my back pain  soothes (Valium is mild muscle relaxer) and I always seem to have pleasant dreams.  Never had a bad dream since on Valium, but at the same time it isn't luxurious or fantasy dreams either.  It has been a miracle drug for me.  I do not like how doctors now like to avoid benzos.  Valium is a great medicine.  I take 30mg per day generic brand.  Hope this helps someone.
4332	10.0	I have tried a lot of different anti- anxiety meds and Valium is the only one that actually works for me and I don't get nasty side effects with.
4333	10.0	i've tried everything for panic attacks and depersonalization so far. i don't like ssri's they make me feel like a zombie. i don't really have any side effects which is very rare as i'm sensetive to a lot of drugs/food anything you name it. I do find sometimes the day after i'm still tired and a bit depressed. I have 4mg+ if i'm having a panic attack it seems to help quite a lot. i take 2mg if i'm going to a party or a new place and take more if i need to. i'm going to try propanolol next i heard it's great too.
4334	9.0	"I had several brain surgeries and because of these brain surgeries I developed a pinched nerve in my neck from the trauma. I have three incurable diseases and my legs are almost always hurting. 

I started out on neuro tin then went up to Lyrica. I can only take so many a day for the pain. My doctors wanted the dosage up, but my stupid insurance did not allow this or would not pay for it. So, I am stuck on the same dose and have been on the same dose for a while now. These two drugs are a life saver. I don't understand what reason why my insurance will not allow me to up the dose because it makes no sense considring it's doctors orders. Lyrica is a life saver (hands down) and so was neutorin. If you plan on stopping these drugs, Wean!"
4335	1.0	No good for depression or anxiety. For me just helps you to sleep
4336	10.0	I have had very bad anxiety since I was in  my teens. Tried all sorts of other tablets nothing worked for me. I couldn't  leave the house, no girlfriends. Then I was put on valium  (diazepam). I take 10mg in the morning and 10mg at night and have done for 24 years. Changed my life. Got a great job, married, 2 kids, never took more than I was given. The doctor's tried to get me off it, I tried to come off it but went back into my head,fear off going to work, fear off going out. So went back on diazepam and was able to work, be a husband, Father. This drug saved my life. It makes me so mad because off dope heads selling it and given it a bad name. The  only thing is make sure you stick to your dose, and never just stop taken it.
4337	9.0	I took Valium for nearly 20 yrs for anxiety and functioned just great. My Dr retired and I had to find another. He is weening me off, now down to 2.5mg twice a day. I am miserable ! I'm stuck in my home, can't sleep, and my heart and stomach are going wild. I don't know how much more of this I can stand ! I feel I'm going to have a heart attack, I've lost so much weight I look terrible. And my Dr doesn't seem to notice or even care. He says he cannot be writing for it. I am not a dope head. I am a 53 yr old grandma who needs help. My children worry about me all the time. What is a person to do ?? Go to the street ?? I don't know that kinda life and don't want to. I can't afford a psychiatrist, just a Dr that cares !
4338	8.0	I was given Diazapan today and took it tonight for the first time, All I can say is thank you doctor I felt the anxiety just melt away, I felt like crying because I couldn't take the feelings anymore it was making me physically ill, couldn't eat or sleep and my stomach constantly going over. After taking the tablet I felt normal I could eat. For the first time in a month I'm not panicking.
4339	8.0	I originally received it after a arm injury but did not need it as much so had plenty leftovers. Now when I'm in severe stress situations to almost nerves breakdowns I take one 5mg and it works to stop me from crying that I could not control otherwise. Just wasn't sure if I can take 2 instead to put me to sleep since the doc said 1 every 8 hrs.
4340	6.0	Diazepam is ok  in the very short term but is highly addictive and withdrawing from it will give you panic attacks, a real cold turkey sensation. Took me 6 months to get off it but still felt panicky at times. I was recently given it for head aches and tension after 30 years off it and can't say I was happy taking it even short term. It did relieve my tension after 3 days. I decided no more and although my sleeping is not good, it is better to soldier on without it if you can. Controlled breathing, lavender oil to breath in and pressure points to lower blood pressure were used instead. I feel better and brighter now by using self control. It is so easy to take a tablet and there maybe times you may have to if  it is a one off option.
4341	10.0	I am male age 65 years old. My nurse practitioner is trying to wean me off Valium after taking it ( 5 mgs) since I was 23..that's 43 years. It has been doing it's job for me. It gave me back my life.  I have extreme anxiety disorders. My original physician gave me no hassle. He died, and I had to get a new Doctor. Things were fine until this past year when out of the blue she recommended me getting off the drug. I never abused it, but she is adamant about it. So, I am trying..truly am. It's not going too well. I am wondering if I should find a new Dr. and take my records there.  I think my age has something to do with it, but getting off it is almost a nightmare. Does anyone have any suggestions?? I really would like some feedback from others.
4342	10.0	I don't like medication in general but this one got me thru work ,divorced single parent of 2 children. No side affects, very qualified professional work. Then I became wheelchair disabled on the job, I was ripped off by family of 96,000 dollars during a 2yr hospitalization. With corticosteroids I resumed the 5mg valium which helped.  For me I only need 1 a day although prescribed 4, so they last me 6 mos to a year. IM LUCKY for I don't like to feel dopey just normal. If I've gotten into an insomnia state for a stressful situation with my autoimmune condition is the only time I'd taken 2 to sleep if tylenol pm didn't work. 
4343	10.0	I'm 21 years old and have terrible Social Anxiety, Hypochondria, GAD, and Night Terrors. I've tried Xanax, Klonopin, and Ativan for my anxiety. Xanax didn't last long enough, Klonopin gave me moodiness, and Ativan did nothing. My doctor gives me Diazepam (Valium) 5 mg/four times a day and it's a MIRACLE. I can't tell you how tremendously Valium has improved my life. I'm constantly mellow now, can think straight, and sleep restfully at night. The effects also last all day and keep me anxiety-free. Valium has definitely given me my life back!
4344	8.0	My disclaimer is: Valium is highly effective in treating stress and anxiety reactions. It has a wide therapeutic index. It is sometimes overly affective thus why people abuse it. If you do; I can promise the effects will be life damaging. When taken responsibly (usually a few times a week as needed) it is safe &amp; a godsend for those crippled with anxiety. I had no side effects.
4345	10.0	"I've suffered from debilitating headaches always beginning in my lower neck from tension. Often these headaches about twice a month would morph into full blown migraines lasting 1 to 2 days. 5mg of Valium relaxes my neck muscles with an aspirin and I'm good to go and have my life back.
The migraine meds caused terrible side effects."
4346	9.0	My experience with this drug has been overwhelmingly positive. I suffer from panic attacks, as well as agoraphobia, and despite having been on Valium for many years now, it has retained its efficacy and it has greatly enhance the quality of my life. Frankly, I do not know what I would do without it. Yes, yes, yes, I am all too well aware of the numerous warnings and tales of woe which have accompanied usage of this drug by other individuals less fortunate than myself, but I can only speak to what this drug has done for MY life. I am now 51 years old, and have taken this drug on and off for most of my adult life, starting when I was 18 years old. I become angry when I read proposals to limit prescription of this drug to psychiatrists....
4347	9.0	After taking Chantix for smoking cessation I fell into a spiral of severe dèpression. I didn't feel like leaving my home other than going to work  I gained 25 pounds and felt my life was hopeless   I had always felt like an extrovert trapped in an intraverts body. I stumbled upon  Valium when my husband gave me one for muscle cramps. The effects were amazing!  I no longer felt trapped in I my prison of isolation and misery. A word of caution though: this drug is addictive and should be taken in small amounts and withdrawal should be done slowly and under medical supervision. It is a shame Valium has such a bad rap
4348	9.0	"Was originally prescribed as a shortcourse to take 2 or 3 daily to get through a really bad patch but I have found it works better to only take occasionally when I really need it. 
Provides pretty fast (within 15 mins to half hour) yet lasting (up to 3/4 hours) relief of Anxiety. Works a treat it's probably the best thing i've ever taken for Anxiety. The only criticism is it can make you feel a bit out of it and slow but it depends on the dose. I was prescribed 5mg tablets and i find that snapping them in half to have 2.5mg still works but makes me less drowsy. I adjust the dose depending on how severe the Anxiety is. 
It's a good idea to experiment when first prescribed so you know how it affects you."
4349	10.0	I have fibro and stenosis and take cymbalta, flexeril, elavil and a few others. My Dr said I have adjustment disorder and sent me to a psychiatrist. He prescribed 5 mg twice a day and 10 mg at bedtime and it's worked wonders. I'm sleeping 7 to 8 hours a night for the first time in over five years. My mind and body feel relaxed. I'm so thankful that I saw this Dr, this med has been the only thing that's helped me.
4350	10.0	I used to be on valium back in the 90s when it was easier to get for panic attacks and ptsd and when the narcotics laws changed I got off of them because my family doctor wouldn't give them to me. Panic attacks started happening again when I have a thyroid disorder. Now I'm seeing a psychiatrist to get them again and they have given me part of my life back. Before seeing psychiatrist my Dr tried me on multiple different ssri and none of them work. And ssri drugs have me ED. Valium has only 1 side effect to me and that is just being drowsy for an hour or so. Valium is a life saver.
4351	9.0	I have had anxiety all of my adult life, and at times I have been almost crippled through panic attacks and nervous tension. I have tried nearly every benzodiazepine available, and for myself diazepam is by far the most effective, safe and trusted. It is also a very good 'all-rounder' tranquillizer, useful for anxiety, panic, insomnia, muscle tension through worry, tension headaches and irritable bowel syndrome induced through anxiety. I have never become addicted despite years of use, I mostly take diazepam only when required, but several times when going through a particularly bad period of anxiety and depression I have taken it regularly for several weeks and I didn't experience withdrawal upon discontinuation.
4352	10.0	Diazepam helps me through the days of anxiety. Helps me cope with going to crowded places. Sadly my doctor only will give me only 14 per one month prescription. So I have to carefully schedule, when I can go shopping, or attend a movie, or other activity. I've been on this medication for 12 years. It has changed how I react in crowded elevators, ( I also have claustrophobia ) and how I deal with anxieties. Doctor prescribed several other drugs for depression, no matter how often I tell him , I am not depressed and those meds make me feel bad. I sometimes wonder if my doctor knows the difference between depression and anxiety
4353	8.0	"I think this experience would come under ""Anxiety"" but it may not.  My wife of 55 years died 3 months ago and to help with the grief the Dr. gave me Diazapam (Vallium) 5mgs to be taken 3 time a day for 28 days. This did seem to help calm me down but it didn't help to control the weeping not the deep seated feeling of lonliness. Now I don't take it regularly but when I start feeling really depressed about my situation  and loss, I can take a 10mgs pill which appears to soothe the bad memories away to some extent. Regrettably it hasn't helped with my sleep problem yet.  Prior to my wife passing away to a better place, I was able to drop off to sleep almost immediately when I climbed into bed, no it takes 3 hours before sleep eventually comes."
4354	10.0	"I suffer from PTSD, Ive tried nearly everything legal on the market, I don't suffer from depression, when I was on anti depressants It was like my brain, personality and soul was gone, I became a living zombie. Diazepam was the first thing my Doctor prescribed for ""short relief"". I find it to be one of the best things for dealing with PTSD, Anxiety and night terrors! it calms you down but you can still think and continue with day to day life"
4355	10.0	Had social anxiety and depression since was a child.  Tried prozac and all.other drugs.  Valium as give me.my life back which I never thought possible.  One 10mg in morning and one.before bed.  Combatted my depression. And anxiety in one.  So happy now
4356	10.0	I started having major panic attacks and general anxiety cuased by the bereavement of my daughter who dies unexpectedly a few months ago. I would wake up int he morning with butterflies in my stomach and feeling like a deer in the headlights. As the day progressed it only got worse. After weeks of this it was just unbearable. I went to see a psychiatrist who prescribed valium- the lowest dose. I take half a pill in the morning and evening and have been on this regimen for two weeks. I cannot begin to tell you what a tremendous relief this drug has provided. I am very sensitive to all kinds of meds and the strongest thing I ever take is Ibuprofen. I had no bad reactions nor any side effects. Awesome.
4357	6.0	I have been taking valium for 15 years for sleep and anxiety 15-30mg.  This drug has worked good through the years but I have begun to notice memory and balance issues so I decided to get off of it. The first time I quickly tapered and one night I awoke to a racing heart beat, tremors, &amp; an intense feeling like my head, face, &amp; back were on fire. I had to go back on because of this. Now I'm doing a slow taper so far have gone from 15mg to 7.5mg over 4 months. Going from 15-10mg was easy but going under 10mg has been very difficult at times. For years I was very much positive about this drug but I do not think you should take it for more than a month unless you just have to have it. Just be careful withdrawals can kill.
4358	8.0	I've got PTSD due to domestic violence 27 years ago which left me with chronic anxiety and panic attacks. I have too many side effects from anti-depressants so this is all I can take but they help through the worst times. My gp only gives me 28 5mg though every 5 weeks as not good and can increase your anxiety if you take regularly
4359	10.0	Take 7.5mg twice a day and it prevents my anxiety from getting out of control and stops my frequent panic attacks. The only medication that has worked for me so far. Hopefully my doctor will be ok with this medication long term and not going back to trying SSRI after SSRI.
4360	10.0	Works great .I was having panic attacks all the time. This medicine calm them down
4361	10.0	Other than drowsiness for about 45 minutes after taking it,  great medicine!  Works in like 10 minutes,  so if I feel a panic attack coming on I take my dosage and before I know it I'm calm.  It enables me to go into mass public places and can go into crowded restaurants with my family.  Valium has given me a huge part of my life back.  I know most doctors are against it because dope heads have abused this type of drug.  You can only get it from a psychiatrist now but it saved my social life so I see the shrink monthly!  Thanks valium
4362	10.0	"I have been taking Valium every day for 5 years for anxiety and muscle spasms. Good to kill 2 birds with one stone.

I take a relatively microscopic dose of 2.5mg/day, and after 5 years, I have probably built up a tolerance to it so that this tiny dose has no physiological effect any more. But even if I'm now getting the placebo effect from it, I don't care. I don't have panic attacks any more and that's all I really care about."
4363	10.0	Two years ago, I couldn't sleep, my doctor gave me all type of sleep meds, nothing worked. The only med works is this. I take 5mg every night on and off for 2 years. No side effect.
4364	8.0	mild-moderate anxiolytic effect but Long lasting. Definite calming effect and sense of tranquility. I weened off of 5mg of Xanax with this wonderful drug and had virtually no withdrawal. Makes me feel level headed and at peace when I start to stress
4365	10.0	I have started getting severe anxiety and panic attacks since been pregnant. It was so severe I couldn't leave the house. I was prescribed Prozac but had a bad reaction wich put me of taking further medication. I started seeing a cognitive thereapist wich eased my anxiety a little but I would have good days and really bad days. On a bad anxiety episode at 25 weeks pregnant I went back to my G.P willing to try medication again she prescribed me diazepam 2mg dose used up to 3 times a day only for my bad days. It took me a week to combat my fear and take my first pill wich I did yesterday and what a difference for the first time in 6 months I felt calm and my anxiety was gone. I would highly recommend this medicine don't suffer x
4366	8.0	I know of people that have taken single 5mg tablet and they have been what I would say out of it all day.  So when the Dr suggested this to me I was very unsure.  However it is fair to say that for me after taking the first tablet I felt more grounded.  I use 5mg tablets as and when needed.  They don't zonk me out and help me on those days when things are just too much.
4367	9.0	If you want something to control your panic attack for a short period of time this is perfect. It's only meant to be used for a few weeks. Its very addicting so watch out.
4368	10.0	"I take this for severe life and death Anxiety and muscle spasms. I take 50 mg per day, 10mg 5 times per day as Directed by my Health Care professional. I have been taking this, vs. Klonopin or Zanax or Ativan or other Benzodiazapenes because of the longer term effects and the muscle spasm decreasing benefits.
Have taken between 30 mg per day to 50 mg per day for 2 years now.
It does make me lazy. I have had weight gain.
I have to exercise and I have to also use caution while driving.
I take a high dosage, but without it, I would not be alive.
It is as simple as that. 
I am glad this medication, has been used for decades, tried and true, can cause anger if one does not realize they need to self filter, but it does relax anxiety and muscles."
4369	10.0	I have tried to Xanax and it doesn't matter how many milligrams I take it has no effect on me. I tried Klonopin which works however when it wears off I get horrible migraines which I found out can be a symptom of for some people. Valium is the only medicine I can take that reduces my anxiety. I ready here in some of the reviews people saying they had extreme anxiety and we're taking to milligrams my anxiety is so bad I take 10 milligrams 3 times a day just to be normal. It works it really works. It may be an old medication and it may not be prescribed very often anymore but I truly believe it is the best.
4370	10.0	It's great.
4371	10.0	I am 21 and have suffered from major anxiety attacks and chronic depression the past few years and took every antidepressant tables going which have never made a difference. My doctor prescribed me with 2mg diazepam I took one with a cup of tea and I've never felt so calm and relaxed in my life and slept like a baby for the first time in six months. I highly recommend these if you suffer from the same problems one negative is they give me the munchies.
4372	7.0	I have suffered from anxiety disorder for over 3 years now. Recently I hit rock bottom again and haven't been able to leave the house. I felt terrible. Doctor prescribed me 2mg of diazepam and after 20 minutes I already feel so much calmer. I only have a few days worth (just to help my citalopram kick in) - but it is great at calming you down.
4373	10.0	Called my doctor as I was having serious anxiety attacks and panic attacks she prescribed me 2mg twice daily, I have suffered with anxiety all my life the moment. I swallowed the first pill 20 minutes later I can't even explain how perfect I feel no anxiety no panic, calm and so normal it's unreal serious life saver!
4374	10.0	Great all around benzodiazepine!  Lasts long and is generally mild but does the job!
4375	10.0	"I have panic attacks the night before air travel and they are horrendous. I am a shivering, cold sweating mess and all I can think about is ""I'm gonna die"" as my mind becomes compromised and my heart is trying to get out of my chest. Diazapam is great. I take 4mg as I feel the attack starting and the medicine starts taking effect within 30 minutes. After an hour I am much more relaxed and can contemplate sleep. This effect lasts 10 hours then I crash as the medicine wears off and then the symptoms take over. I top up with 2mg as and when needed through the day. A panic attack only lasts up to 10 minutes but the symptoms can last for me up to 24 hours so taking that 2mg now and again keeps me strong. Diazapam means I can travel again."
4376	9.0	Worked wonders to help my excessive sweating and anxiety from Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome, a form of Dysautonomia. Also, helped me to sleep better.
4377	9.0	I wish I knew the panic I felt was something that I could calm with a single pill. Diazepam works great by just making you feel mellow and relaxed. I take 2mg here and there. My doctor prescribes it when I go through these severe panic episodes where I can't sleep and I become consumed with doom. Diazepam helps to rationalise things and makes me feel like its not the end of the world. I wish one day I wont have to take it but for now I am grateful for it.
4378	10.0	I am 19 years old, and have tried all four of the most popular benzodiazepines for my social, general, and nighttime anxiety when several SSRI's failed: Xanax, Klonopin, Ativan, and Valium. Klonopin made me angry and Xanax didn't last long for me. Ativan did zilch. Valium is like Xanax's effects with Klonopin's long duration! It's the only medication that I can take effectively with no side effects! I take 5 MG only as needed and have no urge to take more. It's mild, kicks in quick, and lasts long. I don't find it addictive at all! Sometimes the oldest medications are the best. Lifesaver!
4379	9.0	I have been dealing with depression and anxiety for almost 6 years now. I'm a 29 yr old female and I have tried it all. Xanax, Ativan, Klonopin, Buspar,  Vistril and lots more!!! Valium was the only thing that worked wonders for me, an absolute life saver. My Dr started me off on 2mgs every 8 hrs. But that wasn't strong enough as my anxiety attacks are debilitating!! Now she has me on 5mg 3x a day, and I also take Abilify and an antidepressant.  This has saved me. I can drive and go out without feeling like I'm gonna die.
4380	10.0	This is the ONLY medicine in the benzodiazepine family that is useful to me for BOTH panic attacks AND sleep! Great results.
4381	1.0	"I was given a sample pack, but it has the opposite effects for me, as I had an increase in fear of danger, and worrying, I was extremely focused, and unable to sleep. My doctor has had me test a few anti anxiety meds Ativan, antidepressants, and the only one that works for me is Xanax at a low dose.
I would make sure you consult your doctor first on this one."
4382	10.0	"I have self managed my anxiety and depression for years. Depression has been the worst factor. My most recent episode came out of the blue and was harder for me to manage as I wasn't depressed. I was hyperventilating, worrying about stuff that wasn't going to happen and was climbing the walls at my partner. 
The doctor gave me diazepam 2mg after my blood pressure was too low for beta blockers. I've taken my first tablet and I feel more relaxed and able to process my thoughts and breath than I have done for days.

I understand that they're addictive but to sort your head and get you on the starting blocks these have been life savers. I can go to work and cope with my mental health problems."
4383	10.0	Suffered a major panic attack whilst driving 6 months ago, which left me with constant severe anxiety. My doctor put me on citalopram and beta blockers which made things much worse. I was now having panic attacks, night terrors, feeling very suicidal.  I was eventually put on 2mg Diazepam tablets.  This helped within 20 minutes of my first tablet.  I felt slightly less anxious and a bit medicated. Continued taking 2/3 tabs a day for the next few weeks.  Dramatic improvement.  When I'm feeling a bit dodgy I will still use as and when needed.
4384	8.0	Recently began suffering generalized anxiety disorder, took me to the point of suicide, prescribed diazepam. The 1st time I took it I felt aggressive and annoyed easily however after a few days I can safely say it has greatly reduced my anxiety for now however my doctor has said he will not let me stay on it due to the bodies ability to easily resist the medicine over time requiring greater doses etc.  Desperately do not want to try antidepressants again (due to a previous severe reaction). We shall see.
4385	9.0	I have major depressive disorder, post traumatic stress disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, and anxiety.  I take two antidepressants and Buspar and Valium for anxiety.  I have begun taking 10 mg of Valium several times a day and it helps calm my million mile an hour brain.  I wish I didn't have to take so much medication but to live a normal daily life, they are necessary.
4386	3.0	I started having panic attack, anxiety, which they all led me to insomnia for 4 days I was not able to sleep for more than 1.5hrs. I went to my GP and he prescribed me a dose of 7.5 mg of zopiclone  and this tablet acted very fast but only kept me a sleep for 3 hrs . My GP prescribed me 5 mg of diazepam for three days and when I took the first dose of 5 mg I waited and waited it just didn't do nothing and I had even more panic attacks and anxiety. So I decided to take all of them which makes 15mg  of diazepam and nothing happens just I felt like really confused and heavy headed after 6 hrs I managed to have some sleep for 8 hrs . I don't think this is the right medicine for me but next day it did make me feel calm and kind of relaxed.
4387	9.0	I had ended up in the ER a few times with weird problems like not being able to catch my breath and hyperventilating before I even new they were panic attacks. They started me on Ativan but it made me so hyper and loopy I literately forgot a few days so when I was put on Valium it was a God send. It prevents and treats panic attacks without the loopy feeling and It doesn't affect my ability to perform daily activities so I'd recommend it to anyone seeking this type of help.
4388	7.0	This is a wonderful medicine for anxiety it works within 20 mins and lasts for a long time because of its long half life. However if you are suffering from depression, especially clinical depression I would not recommend taking this. It will worsen your depression symptoms if taken too often. If you started an SSRI antidepressant it can be used early on to help with some side effects like increased anxiety in the first few weeks on the medication.
4389	10.0	I've been on just about every benzodiazapine there is and Valium (diazepam) is all around the best for combating debilitating anxiety symptoms.  It may not be the most potent benzo, but it has wide and equal benzo effects including sedation, muscle relaxation, anxiolytic, anticonvulsant and can be used for insomnia.  Now the main reason why Valium is the best is its extra long half life.  It's effects can linger for days which is helpful if you have chronic anxiety.  It also prevents those ups and downs short acting benzos cause like Xanax and Ativan.  Another thing to note is withdrawal from Valium is by far the most mild out of ALL the benzos.  This wonderful medication is an oldie but goodie.
4390	10.0	Been taking diazepam for a while now, its been helping my everyday life. Since Valium, I've been more upbeat with reality. Only side effect I have is drowsiness. 
4391	8.0	Diazepam has helped me with my panic attack and anxiety.  I couldn't imagine going back to the old me without it.
4392	10.0	I've been on this medicine for over 3 months now and it has been a lifesaver for me, I take three 5mg diazepam a day about every 6 hours and I no longer have the panic attacks, depression has decreased 90%, I sleep at night since my brain can finally shut down, I have hardly any horrible thoughts anymore which plagued me before always worrying that something bad would happen to my kids or family members, I also don't have to get up to go to the bathroom 4-5 times a night anymore. My Dr also started me on Lexapro 3 months ago but I haven't noticed any effects from taking it since the diazepam is so helpful.
4393	10.0	I am taking 2mg three times a day for anxiety. The anxiety is much better now and I can go places without having panic attacks. I feel the best I have felt in a long time.
4394	10.0	Used it for 12 years and it was a life saver great medicine.
4395	4.0	It works well for Meniere's disease aka as vertigo but does absolutely nothing for my anxiety/panic attacks. I have been on 7.5 mg twice a day for 7 months prior I was on 5mg twice a day. I gave it a 4 because it helps the Meniere's but not the anxiety. I was also put on Zoloft but had to stop after 14 days do to side effects. I was only on 12.5mg tried 25mg and had horrible side effects.
4396	10.0	Valium has been a lifesaver for me, I probably wouldn't be here without it. I suffer from severe anxiety, panic disorder and clinical depression. This has got me through some very bad times when I thought I was dying and couldn't cope. I take 10mg during bad spells and it gets me through.
4397	10.0	My experience with this medication has been very positive.  
4398	10.0	It took a lot of persuading my psychiatrist but eventually she gave in and prescribed me Valium 2 mg yesterday.  Within twenty minutes of my swallowing the first tablet, the difference it made was just incredible;  no anxiety whatsoever and I felt very calm, even happy, as I also have clinical depression.  Valium (diazepam) is simply great in my (albeit limited) experience so far.
4399	10.0	"I rate diazepam a ""10"", it's still the best &amp; safest in it's class -- but only when taken very sparingly. I liken it to a 'fire extinguisher', use only in case of emergency. If you take on a daily schedule (e.g., 3 times a day, every day) then you're making yourself a slave, and you'll be dull-witted &amp; stupid much of the time. Just like reliance on any pill. We owe it to our families, friends, employers and ourselves to be productive, happy and helpful.

I have the 5 mg. tablets in case of emergency. It acts fast, not too strong. There's no craving for 'another pill' hours or even days later, because it's very long acting. Be smart. Use only in case of real emergency and it's the best."
4400	10.0	Without this I would be lost and panicking all the time. Keeps me calm through the tough time.
4401	10.0	It really relieves my anxiety.
4402	10.0	Brilliant. A life saver for anxiety. No side effects.  Better than antidepressants any day.
4403	10.0	All of my life I've had varying levels of social anxiety &amp; agoraphobia, usually without any logical cause. Even riding in cars made me unduly nervous. I had a rough, fear-filled childhood and that seemed to set me up for chronic nervousness. But there's no room for that in adult life. Valium eliminates the unnecessary anxiety &amp; also helps with muscle spasms from my fibromyalgia. I don't get fatigue from this during the day. I do find that taking one before bed helps me relax my 100-miles-per-hour brain (stupid racing thoughts &amp; worries) plus my muscles don't get all kinked up in knots while I'm sleeping. I've never needed to increase my dose on it even after several years, since it works as well as the day I started it, personally.
4404	10.0	"The best short term solution to anxiety!
I've been on diazepam for over a year. 
It's great to always have there in case a panic attack starts to come on, and it completely takes the edge off any stressful situation.

It seems doctors are reluctant to prescribe diazepam, however if you are prescribed this medication, it's definitely a life saver.

I take 2.5mg at a time (from 5mg tablets)."
4405	10.0	I have tried many medicines over the years for my anxiety, none of which ever worked. This completely obliterates my anxiety. I take 5mg twice a day.
4406	9.0	"I take diazepam as needed for vertigo and the resulting anxiety--it's incredible!  2.5mg causes me to settle down and completely forget that I was anxious in the first place. I experience no withdrawal symptoms, but then again I take a low dose and only every few days.
My only side effect is intense hunger a few days after taking it--but that's a very small price to pay since now rooms aren't falling and I can sleep without the sensation of my bed swinging!"
4407	10.0	Very effective against anxiety possibly the best.
4408	10.0	Works Better Than Ativan(Lorazepam) And Xanax(Alprazolam)!
4409	4.0	It works well for my condition. I am under a great amount of stress and my body would shake I broke out in hives and my heart would beat very fast at times and I was not sleeping at all.
4410	10.0	I'm 36, have social anxiety, GAD, TMJ, fibromyalgia, muscle spasms, cluster headaches, &amp; herniated vertebrae.  I've taken everything, including 12 years on a high dose of Xanax. After finally convincing a doc to prescribe me Valium, I felt like a different person. It kicks in FAST, but Its long half-life prevents that awful anxiety rebound effect. I find that Valium has a powerful (yet feels gentle) calmative effect on the body as well- which is absolutely wonderful when my muscles &amp; joints are tight. Valium is hands down the best benzo anti-anxiety medication out there.
4411	8.0	"I began taking Valium from doctors in 1968 or 1969 when I was in the Vietnam War and experienced a great deal of combat which affected me very much. It helped.

I have been taking Valium for decades. It increases irritability greatly probably because of head wounds that caused brain damage. 1000 to 1200mg Carbamazepine stops or reduces the irritability.  Unfortunately, the combination of the two medicines causes tiredness."
4412	10.0	It helps calm me down instantly. When I feel like I can breath and that I am drowning in anxiety it truly helps!
4413	10.0	Helped me through the worst feeling in my life up until that time I never thought that my body was capable of those horrible feelings or emotions.  Feelings of fear and dread of not knowing how to fix it until EVENTUALLY a very understanding doctor prescribed me diazepam. They gave me hope, they gave me the confidence I needed to fight back from this awful place I was in. I lost weight and weighed only 5 stone 10 pounds because I just couldn't eat but diazepam allowed me to start eating again. I did recover but the experience has left me with anxiety which is now 15 years ago. I struggle every single day and doctors at my surgery are anti-diazepam. I get so scared that my anxiety will get so bad again without them.
4414	10.0	I have benign recurrent vertigo and migraine-associated vertigo. Both are a source of extreme anxiety for me, and that anxiety makes the spinning worse. Valium (2.5mg as needed) calms the anxiety within 15 or so minutes, and the vertigo tends to leave soon afterwards. I have had no side effects, save for being very hungry the day after I take it. It gave me my life back.
4415	8.0	I'd highly recommend Diazepam. My anxiety is so much lower. I've only been on it for less than a week and I already feel happier about my life. I feel like it's given me the breathing space to take on things.
4416	10.0	"When I returned from my second tour in Vietnam in 1971, I was a ""mess"" mentally.  My diagnosis was/is Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  After trying various medicines, my psychiatrist settled on 10MG Valium three times a day.  Although certain circumstances will still make me anxious, they are limited and my normal life is fine.  Has worked for 41 years! Thank you Valium!"
4417	9.0	I've been on Xanax, Ativan and Klonopin, and Valium is the only one that lasts long enough to not make me feel the need to redose just a few hours after taking it. I can forget a dose and not be panicking all day. The slower onset / offset also makes it less addictive for many, so I HIGHLY recommend this.
4418	10.0	Life Saviour when it comes to severe anxiety and panic attacks.
4419	10.0	This is the best anti-anxiety medicine there is.  It doesn't leave you with more anxiety if you don't take your next dose due to the long half life.  Xanax and Ativan for example have short half lives so you feel terrible in a few hours.  Stick to good old fashioned Valium for Anxiety.
4420	9.0	When I finally got a doctor to prescribe Valium it was a life changing start. I always had social anxiety and was very introverted. After being on Valium I quickly moved up in my company because I could interact and socialize with no fears or anxiety. After a few years I was in charge of up to 50 workers and always got good feedback from customers, and professionals related to our work and was able to focus and enjoy dealing with many different personalities. The only problem was getting very sleepy while driving. 
4421	10.0	Years ago they did not have Xanax. I had panic attacks and this medicine saved me from losing my job for fear of driving! IT was my salvation from the terrible panic attacks!
4422	9.0	This was the only thing that gave me some pain relief from severe irritable bowel syndrome, triggered/made worse from anxiety. Thank God for Valium. Only lasted about 3 hrs, but was a low dose of 2mg. Only a small supply was given to me as a short term solution, but I'm so glad I'm finally getting the relief from the anxiety and pain.
4423	9.0	"Valium worked wonders for me when I realized that my anxiety had been making me a shut-in with a low quality of life. Aside from developing an insatiable appetite at first, it seemed like a miracle. Example: I took a Valium before flying and could not find my luggage in baggage claim. Previously, I would have been shaking, crying and sweating. Instead, I confidently walked over to customer service and learned that my bag will come when the next flight arrives. Self-inflicted meltdown averted.

It's long half-life, however, can be a blessing and bad. It lasts practically all day, but that also means it makes me a bit drowsy and lazy all day as well."
4424	10.0	"Valium is absolutely wonderful. It will help people with sleep and anxiety, it also has quite a pronounced physical relaxation that I don't quite notice with other benzodiazepines like Xanax, making it useful for muscle spasms and uncomfortable aches.

It's definitely the longest-lasting benzo that I've ever had, the sedation lasts well and truly into the next day, sometimes even longer (48 hours) but it fades by then."
4425	10.0	Valium makes me Stutter about 80% less! Wonderful medicine if taken the right way. I can be normal like everybody else, don't know what I would do without it.
4426	10.0	Diazepam has helped me a lot. It mostly helped me at night time to sleep, that's when I would take it. Now I am on a quarter and starting to take it every other night only when needed.
4427	10.0	Use of this medicine is to very effective in treating the illnesses for which it is prescribed.  They will also admit that it is an extremely safe medicine to use. Valium when used by me, sporadically, as needed, effectively treats my anxiety episodes, which untreated would probably lead to ulcers.
4428	10.0	It helps me get to sleep without thinking all night long.
4429	8.0	I've been taking Valium for two years now and really found it a lifesaver. I left my parents house and had to keep my old doctor (50 miles away) as I'm afraid if I join a new surgery they will want to pressurize me to come off my it, as I also receive 20 mg of temazepam to help sleep as well. I find most doctors very unwilling to prescribe benzo's.
4430	9.0	I am prescribed to take 10mg 3x a day, but find it only necessary to take a 5mg in the morning and a 10-15mg in the evening. That way, I can still function during the day and sleep well at night.
4431	10.0	"The best anxiety medicine I have taken and I have taken them all. Works very fast, about 20 minutes and keeps working. Also for me it is basically non-addictive. I can take it when I like and then stop for long periods if I want to. In fact I used Valium to get off Klonopin which was a nightmare to get off until Valium was substituted.
"
4432	6.0	I was given a short course of valium 4x 2mg a day for 5 days. I needed a slight relaxant, as I was going through opiate withdrawals through no fault of my own. It seemed to work pretty okay, but I think for panic attacks and anxiety I would say you need a minimum of 5mg, as I don't think 2mg was enough to take the edge off it. A great medicine though.
4433	9.0	I would get really nervous around people and loud noise. I take 2 x 10mg a day, one in the morning and one in the evening. It helps a lot. I wish I would have been taking it years ago.
4434	9.0	I have had trouble sleeping for over 25 years and about 10 years ago started having panic or anxiety attacks in the morning. I tried Xanax, the side effects made me depressed and angry. Valium has always worked well with little or no side effects. I take 5mg in the morning and 10 mg at bedtime and this works great. I have been on the same dosage for about 9 years and have had no problems. I would highly recommend this as opposed to Xanax or other benzodiazepines.
4435	8.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder and I only take Valium as needed. When I am going to do something that will make me particularly anxious (e.g. a date with a girl) I take 3mg. It helps me to be myself.
4436	8.0	I have suffered with anxiety and panic for years, since about 14 y/o. I have tried several different benzodiazepines over the years but always go back to diazepam. I can use it for both preventing a panic attack before a specific situation, or use it to relieve one once it's started. You can even take it the night before a specific event for nervous insomnia. Diazepam calms me down without tiredness or feeling spaced out.
4437	10.0	I have been taking three 5mg Valium per day for the last four years. It has worked wonders for me. I haven't changed the dosage and have had no reason to increase it. Before I started this course, I would literally worry when I would get nervous. I don't even feel it in any way when I take it, but don't get anxious and am able to make decisions that I can't when I'm so nervous. 
4438	10.0	I'm only 15 years old, but I've been suffering from anxiety to the point of near-suicide, and Valium has saved my life more than once. I currently take Cymbalta daily, and Valium whenever I need it (roughly 5 times per week) , and I have now been able to return to living a normal life. (I had to quit school for a little while). I would recommend this medicine to absolutely ANYONE who suffers from frequent anxiety, it may permit a better lifestyle.
4439	10.0	Before I had all kinds of problem like stomach aches and I was scared of everything and I lost 45 pounds. I have been taking Valium for about 10 months and I have gained almost all my weight back and I have no more problems at all.
4440	10.0	After having such severe anxiety to the point of being suicidal, I have with the help of Valium been able to function again. Valium has saved my life.
4441	10.0	Works great just works slowly.
4442	10.0	I have been on 10mg of Valium 3 times a day since 1998 and have had very good luck with it. I have tried other medicines but everything else seems to not work as well. Don't no what I would do if I didn't have it. I work 6 and 7 days a week. It doesn't affect that at all. I'm a lot calmer when I use it and still full of energy. 
4443	7.0	"1st prescribed ""Valium"" upon cancer diagnosis.  GP was concerned about my anxiety and especially my ability to sleep with this news.  He was right, sleep nearly impossible.  Pill worked for me, but initially took 10 mg (especially the first night) to have any effect.  I take half a 5mg (2.5 mg) occasionally for general insomnia (had for 10 years before cancer) and especially at night before surgeries/procedures, (8 in &lt; 2 yrs). Afraid to take higher doses because I react poorly to medicines in general and problems with anesthesia the next day. Have to switch off with another medicine when this stops being effective."
4444	9.0	Works well without any side effects.
4445	10.0	I take this medication for generalized anxiety disorder (the most common form of mental illness). I didn't start taking it till I was in my late twenties. I have tried Xanax and compared it to the Valium. The Valium has the physical and mental calming effect I personally need. Xanax only calms my body physically while my mind still races toward a wall.
4446	10.0	I have hyperthyroidism and have suffered with anxiety for over 20 years and Valium is the best medication I've had by far because it does it's job very well. I've been on Doxepin and Celexa and they were hopeless compared to Valium. I take 5mg at night and I get a decent sleep every night and sometimes 2.5mg in the day.
4447	10.0	Helped more than any other anxiety medicine.
4448	10.0	I have tried to get Valium prescribed by the Everett clinic for anxiety and sleep. I found it very helpful for anxiety and it made me feel normal. I was able to think straight and act normal. 
4449	9.0	I was taking 10mg of diazepam. It really helped my anxiety I'm now on 2mg. It really helps to calm you down and helps with anxieties and agitation! It doesn't help me sleep though. 
4450	10.0	"Unlike some benzodiazepines like lorazepam, which is short acting, Valium is much better for those with social anxiety instead of once in awhile panic attacks. Valium is in the system for longer. Lasting effects are often desired as the medication will not need to be taken as often. This fact has been great for people who greatly fear addiction and overdose as a result of short acting benzodiazepines.

I personally, was previously on Lorazepam for serious anxiety. Even though I was on in for several months, addiction or overdose was never a problem for me. However, I don't like taking pills generally, especially very often. Out of safety and convenience I was placed on Valium. It works much better for me."
4451	10.0	"I've had severe GAD and social phobia with light panic attacks on a daily basis for several years so much so that I could not function at work (I work in the mortgage industry - sales related) and the anxiety would KILL the deal because client's would interpret the anxiety as not being confident in the product.  

Generally also had trouble looking people in the eye, not being able to think straight, stuttering, difficulty making decisions. 

Psych put me on Xanax, but too sedating and a bit harsh &amp; didn't last very long, was put on Celexa (but this just made me not care about anything and had no emotions, caused mania etc.  Clonazepam didn't quite do it.. Started Valium 3 weeks ago a and wow all previous symptoms gone and feel normal!"
4452	5.0	I have been using diazepam for the last four years. I take 30mg per day along with a combination of two antidepressants and also an antipsychotic drug and nitrazepam 15mg at night. These other medications I have been taking for about 8 years. At first I had heightened suicidal thoughts and ideas of self harm with the diazepam but they decreased as time went on. I find the diazepam more useful sometimes but on other times they don't really do anything especially if I am having a very bad panic attack. My severe depression and anxiety/panic attacks do result in me having to be hospitalized 2 or 3 times a year. 
4453	7.0	"Anxiety can really have a detrimental effect on ones life but it's just not taken seriously. Nor by the ""pull yourself together brigade"" or even to some GP's. 3 years ago I became seriously depressed and I visited 5 GP's before I felt I was being taken seriously. Anyway my point is I'm now much better mainly through Valium (3x5mg a day). Anxiety ruins peoples lives."
4454	10.0	I have suffered from anxiety, muscle spasms, nightmares, tremors, restless legs and mood swings. I have taken 5 mg of Valium, sometimes 10mg on and off since an extremely stressful, nightmare of a divorce my ex dragged on for 3 years.  My attorney suggested Valium, and my regular Doctor had no trouble prescribing this.  30 tablets will often last 3 months - I've had refills expire, as I only take as needed (since 1995).  This medication has been a life saver for me and when I had PMDD (when it was just BAD PMS-in the '90's) I have taken Xanax in the past, and the forgetfulness was unbearable/couldn't drive, withdrawal was immediate and awful.  No problem with Valium!  My pain dr &amp; regular dr won't prescribe Valium  to anyone anymore-long half life? Ativan,buspar didn't help at all.
4455	10.0	It is the best. My husband is on this one. Without this we would be lost.
4456	8.0	Since I was put on 10mg =Valium 3x a day it has helped me get through work so much easier and takes away the anxiety and makes it all go away.  Currently I've been tapering and I'm now down to 0.5mg x2 a day.  I never thought I could wean off that easy but I'm doing just fine.  Nuvigil and Valium have changed my life completely!  I also take 15- Seroquel XR and Mirtazapine to help me sleep at night.  There's nothing like having a good feeling hard working day, then coming home to a hot shower and putting all my stress aside to just relax.  Valium has helped me do this, A LOT better than Ativan did.
4457	10.0	Have been taking 10mg three times a day, mostly when anxious and panicky for 6 yrs. No side effects.
4458	10.0	Helped me with night time anxiety when I would go to sleep....
4459	7.0	Valium is a somewhat helpful, it takes my racing thoughts down to where I can handle them and also useful for sleep but I need something stronger for my insomnia.
4460	1.0	I was given 5 mg to take the night before a dental visit as I have severe anxiety and 5 mg to take an hour before the appt. I took the 5 mg of Valium in place of my Xanax and within 4 hours was throwing up and having the worst panic attacks. Had to call my doctor for Phenergan to stop the vomiting.
4461	10.0	I have been dealing with a high-conflict court battle on and off for 8 years. Two years ago I went to my Doctor because the stress was getting so bad my hair started falling out (adrenals depleted, onto hypothyriodism - what a mess). He put me on Zoloft which I only stayed on until I could go off. I wasn't depressed I was panicked, anxiety attacks, palpitations, etc., have no idea why he put me on Zoloft instead of Valium. Well we started our next round of court battles since I guess the ex isn't done annihilating me yet and same thing, panic, irritability, unable to think straight, thoughts swirling. A friend gave me a few 10mg Valiums and I couldn't believe how much they helped. I could actually THINK without freaking out! Awesome.
4462	5.0	I struggle with the choice of Clonazepam, or Diazepam. I can feel the difference between the two. Valium is a much calmer drug.
4463	10.0	I've found that for my sleep problems after trying many and all sleep aids this has had the least amount of side effects and I wake up felling great, not sluggish or with a hangover sensation. 10mg dose has worked wonders with my racing thoughts keeping me awake and to provide a relaxed feeling for a great night's sleep.
4464	10.0	I like this medication for anxiety but sometimes it makes me mean.  I don't know if anyone else experienced this however, I highly recommend this drug for anxiety over any of the other benzodiazapines.
4465	10.0	I like this for anxiety.
4466	9.0	My panic and anxiety problems used to be an everyday, or an every hour problem. I started using Valium over 30 years ago, several times a day. I am over 50, and am down to one or two diazepam a month. Maybe long time monitored use has been the difference, but I will never go anywhere without it. It has become a security blanket. It has been so effective, knowing it's there, it somehow does the trick.
4467	9.0	I have tried everything for my anxiety and depression including Klonopin, Xanax, Ativan. I did think Ativan did work for me but never did get it permanently but Valium has been pretty good with me so far.
4468	10.0	I have been taking two (one in the morning and one at night) 5mg Valium for the last five years.  It has worked wonders for me. I have not changed the dosage and have had no reason to increase it. Before I started this medicine, I would literally tremble when I would get nervous.  I don't even feel it in any way when I take it, but don't get anxious and am able to make decisions that I can't when I'm so nervous.  This medicine has worked miracles for me and if anyone thinks because it is a controlled substance that it is not a really good medicine for some people then they are wrong.
4469	7.0	I find that taking diazepam helps makes the withdrawals that much easier. I'm taking them daily so I don't use anything else.
4470	10.0	I have been taking Valium for 6 years. It's the best anxiety medicine I've used and I've tried a bunch. I take 4 x 10mg tablets a day. I don't know what I would do without it.
4471	8.0	A doctor prescribed this for hypertension, based upon his premise that mine was caused by anxiety. That was almost 40 years ago. After arguing back and forth, I agreed to take it on a limited basis. Now I use 2 mg, 4 times a day as needed, but only before lying down and never when I will be driving or need to otherwise be alert. It is a great help when I do get overly anxious, as I am prone to do. I consider it useless if I am up and about.
4472	8.0	It is a reasonably good drug and it has helped me a bit so far. 
4473	7.0	First time I took it a year ago, I couldn't function. I took it this year, it helps.
4474	10.0	It helps keep things peaceful.
4475	9.0	It keeps me very sane.
4476	8.0	One day I was absolutely hysterically crying over a tragedy and I could not stop. I took 10mg diazepam, and when it kicked in, I became emotionless. Not a zombie, but not out of control emotionally. Good relaxing agent which brings a little elation. I haven't found it effective for stressing out. Con: Long half-life. Effects of Valium can be felt for a long time. Pro: Also stopped my girlfriend's seizures.
4477	10.0	Whether coming home from a hard days work or worrying about the next job, Valium 10mg has been a wonder drug for me. It calms me down and allows me to think straight.
4478	10.0	I take 2 to 6 in the evening to settle down and be able to watch some T.V with my husband. I have been diagnosed with high blood pressure, which I take two kinds of medicines to keep under 140/82.
4479	8.0	I am a very nervous person and would get very emotional after surgery, but if was given Valium before surgery I would wake up very relaxed.
4480	10.0	Helped me through alcohol withdrawal
4481	10.0	Valium has really helped me. It has made a difference in my life. I'm 24, I went from being violent and having anxiety after anxiety attack but since being prescribed valium it has worked wonders.
4482	10.0	Took the edge off.
4483	10.0	Works very effectively. 
4484	7.0	This works for me because the side effects are less dramatic than Xanax.
4485	10.0	"I had panic attacks and I've always had pretty high levels of anxiety, but since I got put on valium I have not had one attack or even felt like I was stressed.  I also stopped biting my fingernails down to the nub!  A happy side effect was that I was told by my doctor to take it if my back started to hurt (because of my scoliosis) and since I started doing that my back has not ""gone out"" like it did SO much before!"
4486	10.0	Valium is a God-send. It helps me to relax and not look at the world as a hellish pit of misery, pain and death. When I am on it I do not have irrational fears of death or disease for myself or loved ones. Basically use as prescribed and it can completely change your life for the better. 
4487	10.0	"I used to get severe panic attacks quite often. I started taking 10mg of Valium three times daily as prescribed by my psychiatrist, and after a year my dose has decreased to 5mg and I have never had another panic attack. Anxiety attack(or panic attacks) are very scary. I had made many trips to the emergency room thinking I was having a heart attack. I had symptoms like sweating, tingling in arms and legs, cold chills in face and a rapid heartbeat, feeling of hysteria, and wishing I would just die and get it over with.
Valium saved my life. It is very effective, and I am greatful it works."
4488	9.0	One of the best anti-anxiety medications ever made. Also very good for insomnia and muscle cramps or spasms. The minimal withdraw effects, due in part to the medicine's long half life, make diazepam one of the kindest benzodiazepines.
4489	10.0	Really helped get my panic attacks under control changed my life hardly any side effects.
4490	9.0	Overall this drug could be considered a positive experience in helping anxiety but start out at a low dose now and then.
4491	9.0	Helped greatly with my anxiety - also helped with my depresstion. I took them for several months and when I stopped suddenly I experienced slight irritability but no other withdrawl symptoms. I did however gain a lot a weight while taking them.
4492	9.0	Very wonderful drug for those that suffer from anxiety and panic attacks.  Like Ativan, it has less of a moody after effect such as Klonapin and Xanax.
4493	10.0	This drug was absolutely amazing when it worked for me.  I started to notice resolution of my severe anxiety symptoms within a week with little to no side effects.  Before I used this medication I was living in a constant state of anxiety where I would feel off balance most of the day and constantly fear that I was about to pass out.  My chest would be tight most of the day and I would get sharp, shooting pains all over my chest area and I would feel like every day I was going to die and even more so when I would try to go to bed at night; I was certain that I wasn't going to wake up the next day.  Also, I would feel like everything around me was sped up and I would get shortness of breath frequently through out the day as well as panic attacks and somehow I managed to function for two years in this living nightmare before I went and got help for myself.
4494	8.0	"Three to four years ago my terrific wife thought my behavior was changing (mostly impatient) while I was taking EFFEXOR so my Dr had me try Cybalta &amp; my mood improved according to my wife.  I also have mild-moderate depression and this drug also took care of that as well as my anxiety (occasional panic attacks--really scary). Now none!!
Now the not-so-good-news. I believe the drug is attributable to increased ED, lower libido, tiredness, occasional brain 'zaps' (1-2 times/month on average usually at night when I first try to go to sleep, they last a few seconds but frightening nevertheless), Overall I recommend but realizing some of these situations could occur."
4495	9.0	"Since my retirement life has taken a few major turns. Deaths in the family, reduced income, children with problems, greater interaction with my bipolar wife and aging finally brought me to a point of high anxiety. Ativan too much so doc started 20mg cymbalta. Still at 20mg, and any side effects were too mild to identify. I started calling it my ""don't give a poop medicine"" because I found I could deal with my wife's constant 'need' by just not caring. Just finished my taxes and any thoughts I had of discontinuing soon were wiped.
Reading through these comments, I have seen the cluster of minor side effects that I was not associating with cymbalta. Afternoon fatigue, spaciness, headache that responds to water, unusual constipation and dream/wake state coupled with extended drowsiness after a normal nights sleep can be attributed to cymbalta. I was beginning to get anxious.
Thank you all for sharing your experiences. I assure you that at least one person has benefitted and is grateful."
4496	10.0	After my first dose of the generic version of Cymbalta  yesterday evening for major anxiety and minor depression. I was surprised to feel a difference within a few hours. My mood lifted and I had more energy. I still felt slightly anxious. Initial side effects: quite bad insomnia, slight jitteriness, slight diarrhea, very slight confusion at times and nausea for the first 12 hours after taking it. After 2 weeks, I now have zero side effects and have changed to taking it in the mornings. It is a miracle drug for my depression! The constant dark feeling of sadness has lifted completely. It has also helped my anxiety quite a lot, however I still have periods of anxiousness. I am definitely going to stay on this medication as it has drastically improved the quality of my life.
4497	9.0	This medication helped me so much! I battled severe depression in high school due to chronic illness and about a year and a half later developed a severe anxiety disorder. I started off on other meds (i.e. Lexapro, Zoloft, etc.) with little help. I've been taking duloxetine now for ten years and it makes a world of difference for me! Every medication reacts VERY differently in each individual and its a process of trial and error, but I'm very thankful for this medication. Are there side effects? Sure, like with any medication. My worst ones are always being hot and dry mouth (comes and goes). I've found ways to deal with those though and it doesn't take away the fact that my anxiety is helped tremendously and my depression nearly disappeared. I will battle anxiety for my whole life, I'm sure, so please don't think any drug is a magic, cure-all pill! BUT I can conscientiously recognize an anxiety attack and use my coping skills, whereas before, I felt completely out of control.
4498	1.0	Horrific drug that should be banned, the withdrawal was insane, even for the short time I was on it, thankfully I met thousands of others in a FB support group  now with almost 15000 members  on how to get off this poison safely and properly, via opening capsules and  bead counting ( yes it's that bad to get off of) and a extremely slow taper...
4499	8.0	I'm 46 and over all generally healthy. I have suffered with anxiety and PMDD for about 6 years. After trying many SSRI medications and taking a low dose of  Xanax on a regular basis, Cymbalta has totally changed my life for the better. The mild side effects are far better than what I use to go through. I went from 20mg to 30mg and this works for me.
4500	5.0	My husband had Coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) 2 years ago and 2 months after he developed severe anxiety.  At first he was given Ativan to help him.  He was then given Celexa and it sent him for a loop--SEVERE anxiety, so that didn't work.  He decided he would just use Ativan during the day and Xanax to help him sleep.  I finally convinced him that he needs a long term treatment.  He is almost through his second week of Cymbalta.  It is making him very tired, almost exhaustion and he feels like he is in a fog.  He is still having his spells, but I don't think they are as severe.  I keep encouraging him to give it more time.  I hope this works, I want my outgoing, funny, and energetic husband back.
4501	7.0	"I had substance abuse 7 years ago and suddenly developed anxiety disorder.
I was put on many meds then on cymbalta 60mg and within 3 months everything was back to normal and my doc weaned me of  another 3 months.
I lived the best years of my life from 2012 traveling working got married have a daughter everything with 0 anxiety until last month.
I started feeling like am losing my mind along with intense fear and then I realised my anxiety came back
Same doc put me back on 30mg of cymbalta in the morning  along with 2.5mg zyprexa at night for 1 month
10 days into the treatment felt normal again I couldn't be much happier went back to the old me BUT unfortunately the last 3 days anxiety came back very high.  I talked to my doc today and he told me to keep the dosages like they are and to wait a little...so is it possible that the drug stopped working or its just my body is readjusting??
Did anyone have similar experience where the medication worked the first 10 days and then anxiety came back?"
4502	10.0	I've been on Cymbalta for just less than a month. It has been a life saver for me. I have C-PTSD, brain trauma, anxiety, depression and borderline personality disorder. I've taken more meds than I can even remember. Cymbalta us working great and no side effects. I can go out in public now without anxiety attacks and I'm not sitting on the couch afraid to move. Good med for me. I take other meds also and was taken off of Klonopin. I know have more energy and happiness.
4503	9.0	Cymbalta worked great for me and I'm blessed that it did. I had read many reviews of those unable to take it for various reasons and that scared me but my Dr. suggested I try it and I'm so glad I did. For 16 months I had zero anxiety and I went through hell for part of that time. Things were going so well I decided to get off of it because taking it had negatively impacted my BP. I went from 60mg to 30mg for 30 days and then started 20mg. During the time I was on 20mg I had my first anxiety attack in 16 months! I'm back on 60mg and hoping once a few weeks pass of being back on maintenance dose that the anxiety will go away again! Wish I had never tried to get off of it!
4504	2.0	Didnt do much for OCD, Social Phobia, and other anxiety issues.
4505	1.0	Cymbalta was not a medication for me.  Instead of helping me, it made me mean.  I took it for a few days but that's all the time I needed to see the horrible side effects.
4506	1.0	I have severe anxiety and this drug made me depressed to the point of hurting myself and thinking about suicide. I’m not a depressed person, I’m usually a happy go lucky person. Everybody reacts different but that was the worst 3 weeks ever.
4507	8.0	"I really love this one. Suuuper effective in so many ways.
In particular, helped me get my depression and anxiety under control.
It is included in my “concoction” of medicines, and just recently I tried cutting it out of the equation.

-Ever since stopping it, I am back to crying regularly. Very sensitive and unable to control my emotions. I had trouble DRIVING because I was so overwhelmed with anxiety and terrified of getting into a car accident. Irritable, angry, sleeping 12 hours again. 
Depression is a bitch. I highly recommend giving this one a shot.

*BEWARE* This drug makes you unable to sexually climax. (Which is why I’m seeking an alternative)"
4508	1.0	"Within two days of starting Cymbalta, I had 'flashing lights' in my peripherals (which didn't go away for two years) and nausea. Not that big of a deal. But on day three, I was hit by an insane attack on what I assume was my central nervous system. I felt like my chest was in an ice bath, my internal temp dropped several degrees, my groin felt like it was on fire (burning/cramping), I started shaking and sweating and went into full blown panic. After taking a week off, I tried the drug again. Same thing. Absolutely awful. My doctors/pharms had never heard of these side effects, which were worse than my symptoms (anxiety-related feeling of throat/tongue swelling).

I switched to Effexor (SNRI), which finally worked."
4509	2.0	"I was prescribed this to help with my severe anxiety and in hopes it would also help my chronic pain.
I think I'm allergic to it because in 2 hours of taking it I got a stabbing pain in my head and the light made my eyes burn. I could barely even say this to a doctor because along with barely being able to string two words together I had intense nausea with cramping and it wasn't until the ER had the lights around me dimmed enough for me to try and open my eyes I realized my face was pretty swollen."
4510	10.0	I've suffered from anxiety and depression off and on for most of my life. I've tried many antidepressants (mostly SSRI's) without success. The side effects of these drugs were unbearable (mainly acute insomnia and panic attacks). Finally, after 30 years of intermittent mental suffering, despite running 30 miles a week and seeing a therapist on a regular basis, my primary care physician prescribed Cymbalta. It is a miracle drug. Although I've only been on it for 3 weeks, I'm already feeling relief from a major depression that started 6 months ago. I no longer have suicidal thoughts; negative, obsessive thinking; panic attacks; and I sleep like a rock. the world is so much brighter - I feel a sense of calm, contentment, and happiness.
4511	10.0	I tried to go about my life without being on an antidepressant, but life didn’t seem very liveable anymore. I tried Lexapro, and though it stopped the heart pounding and shortness of breath, I was still very depressed and always exhausted. I also went from 130 to 150 pounds in about 2 months. I switched to Cymbalta and everything changed, I have never been happier. I wake up full of energy, which is something I have never had. I have also lost the weight I gained! Like others have said, everyone is different and medications will affect you differently. I was surprised to hear my friend had a bad experience with it. I very much recommend at least trying because it has helped me so much!
4512	8.0	All I can say is try it and don't take all reviews at face value - not everyone has brain zaps and puts on a ton of weight because everyone is different. All I know is I suffered from major anxiety and depression (tried to get by without meds for some time).  I had fluoxetine and citalopram - the first only helped with depression and the second gave me heart palps.  Now on cymbalta I am feeling normal and wake up refreshed and ready to face the day. The first week was a bit crazy, felt like on a bad trip. Then felt great for a week, then low again for two and now I am fine (Taken them for about 8 weeks now).  I also have the motivation now to lose weight which I have done so I am fairly optimistic. 8 stars because haven't taken it long term yet.
4513	9.0	I've taken Cymbalta for almost a year for depression and anxiety. I'm also taking Buspar. My anxiety and depression are noticeably improved. I have tried many of the SSRI's without any help, but this SNRI is great. I take 40mg/day. I've been as high as 60mg/day but found no help at the higher dosage. The only side effect might be a bit of drowsiness. I tried to reduce my dosage quickly and found this is not a drug one wants to 'cold-turkey' to get off the drug. The benefits far exceed any bad side effects.
4514	8.0	Works okay for me. I went on it because Cipralex (Lexapro) pooped out on me. Doesn't deaden my emotions as much as other drugs. Anxiety is pretty much non-existent now but my depression remains. No side effects. I put on a lot of weight on Cipralex and it hasn't come off while on Cymbalta, but it hasn't increased either. I haven't had any notable side effects. Oddly, I did have an irritated sciatic nerve when I started Cymbalta and while I wasn't put on it for that, it did kind of help that too.
4515	2.0	I'm pretty sure that I don't suit this medication. The first three weeks were absolute torture with blurred vision, headaches, nausea, and no energy. After that time the medicine did seem to help my anxiety and depression. However, after three months the side effects came back worse than the first three weeks. I went to my doctor and asked to switch medications immediately. Coming off of the Cymbalta was the worst experience of my life. At one point I had uncontrollable shaking and muscle movements. I couldn't even concentrate enough to go to the kitchen and make a sandwich. I know this drug works for many people, but for myself it was like taking poison.
4516	10.0	"It's amazing. Zero side effects. I feel ""Normal"". These reviews scared me but my Dr encouraged me to try for myself and see.

Lexapro put 10 kilos on me.
Edeonax made me the sickest I have ever been in my life and was a bloody nightmare. After that ordeal I was so scared to take Cymbalta.

My energy is amazing now.
Anxiety, panic attacks and social anxiety feel mild but manageable- like I have a chance."
4517	9.0	"I feel like some of you people commenting on how inept the doctors are at prescribing medication for you fail to realize how medications affect people differently. You had a bad experience? That is in no way, shape or form the doctors fault. At all. Your body chemistry is just different than they expected. These psychiatric issues are not an exact science. Medicine is not an exact science. 
That aside, I've only been on Cymbalta for about a month but I have already noticed a vast improvement. I feel less anxious overall and haven't experienced a panic attack since I started on it. Again this isn't an exact science and sometimes it takes experimentation to get the right combination. Hopefully I've found a proper solution to my issues."
4518	1.0	Was put on this for anxiety/pain. Although it did help with anxiety, it made me very weak in the legs.  So much so that I can't stand it. I am prescribed 60 mg, but I take 15 mg to keep the edge off. Im told weakness in muscles is not a side effect. Garbage ! I see in some comments that few others have it. Doctors act like we don't know our own bodies. ...So frustrating!
4519	9.0	I have never in my life functioned properly until cymbalta, I have gone from panic attacks  , to public speaking with no hesitation , I finally have a real life , I don't over stress , I no longer ruminate , no shakings , no lasting side effects ,  a bit hyper and loss of libido but sorted out in a few months, I never want to come of it , changed my life totally , been on 60 mgs for 20 months
4520	10.0	I'm hoping my comments reaches out to those who like me gave up on medication time and time again as it affected their work outs. As a long distance runner and someone suffering from years of major PTSD and Anxiety, it was nearly impossible to have the stamina to run while on meds. I'd have to grin and bear the struggles of my PTSD without meds during my years of marathon training. Cymbalta and Latuda have been the perfect combination for me. Though Latuda is more for Bi-Polar, it has helped many people with PTSD, like myself. I have no weight gain and I have plenty of stamina to do my running. I'm so grateful to God and my doctor for finding the best program for me. If you're an athlete, help is out there.
4521	10.0	Started on cymbalta 30mg in Aug 2017. I do suffer from anxiety and in addition to that I have herniated discs and problems in my neck. This medicine has been the greatest thing I have ever taken. Finally I can go to grocery stores alone and not have panic attacks in the middle of walmart. So my anxiety has greatly improved. The tingling and dizziness I would get in my head and arms is gone. My neck pain has improved but it could get even better if I could increase my dose to 60 mg. But my blood pressure is at times is too high. Once this is under control they will increase cymbalta. I have had no side affects at all on this medication and feel like I can live again. Mood has improved and I feel like myself again.
4522	1.0	"I took this drug for GAD. Of course it did its job. 

BUT PLEASE READ ABOUT ITS WITHDRAWAL SYMPTOMS BEFORE STARTING!!! 

I have stopped taking it 4 days ago and you can't imagine the things I am going through. I remember before taking it, I read reviews about this drug. And one of the reviews wrote 'DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG. IT IS HELL' and I was like why so dramatic. And oh boy was he not!! I am reading about how to reduce the withdrawal symptoms. And after reading the users who are trying to stop Cymbalta on this page https://www.drugs.com/answers/long-cymbalta-withdrawals-747877.html?page=2, I found out that I have a long way to go. 

Please be careful."
4523	10.0	It helps me a great deal for my anxiety. I have been taking it for 8 years and it works very well. Also, since I start taking it, my lower back pain got better, but still I have some bouts once in awhile. I will ask my doctor if I can upgrade the dosage to help me when I have those bouts!
4524	10.0	Cymbalta saved me.  I was in a state of constant recurring anxiety with many physical symptoms such as vomiting every morning, shaking, and over feeling of panic and disassociation.  My thoughts were swirling (due to a very stressful situation) almost constantly.  I started on 30mg and noticed an improvement within 2 weeks.  I still had some anxiety in the mornings so my dose was increased to 60 mg.  I have 0 anxiety now and am able to more calmly and clearly work through stressful or worrisome situations.  I had very great reservations about any kind of medication and only decided to try because I had no options.  It has been a godsend for me and I have had zero side effects.  Don't rule it out, it may save your life.
4525	9.0	I took Cymbalta (20mg twice per day) for about a year. The drug worked better than any other AD I tried. Around 10 months ago, I wanted to see if I could come off the drug to see how I would do. I suffered from anxiety and mild depression. Once the drug was weaned out of my system, I haven't felt quite right. My doctor agreed for me to start taking it again. After three weeks, I have a much better state of mind with decreased anxiety. I really like this medication and have no side effects!
4526	8.0	"Took for 2 years. Seemed to help with GAD after a month or so, and was taking in conjunction with alprazolam. VERY expensive med, so I strongly suggest finding a prescription discount card or coupon ($41 was the cheapest I ever paid-WITH my insurance it was $75)!  Do NOT miss a dose or you will get what I call ""zilches"" (feels like a painless yet bothersome &amp; annoying electrical shock feeling from your shoulders to your fingertips). After I stopped taking it because I just couldn't afford it, and it didn't seem to be helping anymore, it took about a month for the ""zilches"" to go away. Again, they're not painful, just a very weird feeling. also caused some weight gain. Starting Effexor ER tomorrow, so we'll see how that goes."
4527	8.0	I am 72 it has worked great for me, still taking it no side effects! would hate to taken off it.
4528	1.0	First day I took the first 20mg capsule...thought I was going to have a seizure and was having a full blown panic attack. She had given me this for anxiety and for pain (didn't help either: in fact made BOTH the pain and anxiety worse) I couldn't sleep that night. I was supposed to try it for 3 weeks before she upped my dose but I said no way. I threw the bottle away and don't ever want to put one in my body again. It almost strangely reminded me of being on a stimulant (adderall or vyvanse) but it wasn't pleasant or made me focus. I was extremely distracted and panicking so much. I cried for hours.
4529	1.0	Rheumatologist put me on Cymbalta for fibromyalgia.  I started on the medication, 20 mg, I think.  I worked at a bank at the time and 1 week into taking it I was having anxiety attacks at work.  I had anxiety before this but not in social situations like this.  I stayed on it for another week or so but took myself off.  She also put me on amitriptine  for muscle relaxation at night.  First it knocked me the heck out, then within 2 wks I would wake up with bad cramps in my legs and such tension/contraction in all my muscles that I couldn't sleep. Weaned myself off of that too. Told Dr what happened, she said it wasn't the medicine causing the symptoms.  Right..  10 months later still have anxiety, voice is shaky, not working.
4530	10.0	I'm on cymbalta 30mg for my anxiety and depression and I have been on it for a month I have no side effects but nausea and being tired but that all went away in about 2 weeks but great meds works great for me
4531	8.0	"Just started taking this med 5 days ago after 5 years on Celexa. Celexa always left me at an ""I'm fine"" state and I just said that ""I just am older, so I shouldn't expect to have the energy I had in high school"" (I'm 26). Two months ago, my meds seemed to stop working all together. My doc decided we should counter-taper meds between Celexa and Cymbalta.  Day one of Cymbalta on the lowest dose, I felt absolutely amazing. I have all of my full range of emotions and so much energy and concentration! For about 8 hours on Day 2, my eyebrow would twitch on and off, but that's gone. I'm planning on discussing with my doc about keeping the low dose (he suggested one up) and just completely getting rid of Celexa and see how that works. I'm ecstatic!"
4532	1.0	By the third dose, I had experienced chest tightness, dry mouth, dilated pupils, dizziness and a loss of emotions. The most interference in my life was the dizziness. I did not want to drive the 25 miles to work and back due to feeling dizzy. The side effect that bothered me the most was the lack of feeling emotions. I felt very detached from any emotion and was unable to cry, laugh or feel love. I discontinued the drug after the third dose. This was not the way I wanted to feel while dealing with moderate anxiety. I'll look for herbal remedies and remain in therapist-guided talk therapy. I don't want to be a dizzy emotional zombie. I am also scared to death, from what I've read, to discontinue this drug due to horrendous bad side effects.
4533	10.0	At 60 years old with needle like pains and over 30 years of generalized anxiety it took two weeks of a little fog. I started taking at night 30mg. I am the guy I use to be today. Not worried about getting off because I'm not. I have tried it all and for depression caused by pain will fix this. Give it time. I put an X on each day and quit after a month. Smooth sailing.
4534	9.0	After taking Cipralex for anxiety for over 6 months, I began to experience very low mood and energy levels. My doctor recommended I switch to Cymbalta. Overall my experience has been positive. I didn't even notice, but on Cipralex I had a very decreased sex drive that rebounded right back once I was put on Cymbalta. I had trouble finishing the first 2 weeks during sex, but this side effect along with decreased appetite dissipated after the first 3 weeks of treatment. Overall my mood has stabilized and I feel very good on this drug. Please note that people tend to report either great or horrible experiences and everyone reacts to drugs differently. Take reviews with a grain of salt and always collaborate with your doctor for best results.
4535	1.0	"Cymbalta is from the devil  Evil, evil drug. Trying to stop it is hell on earth. Severe anxiety and emotional pain. 
Horrible dreams. I am an absolute wreck. Didn't take it for three days and was in extreme trouble. They don't make the dose low enough so you can get off it. Lowest is 30mg. Load of garbage."
4536	9.0	Hi everyone-I just started Cymbalta about 2 weeks ago and so far it has been great-My anxiety was really bad for months, leading to severe depression, and I finally had to talk to my doctor about taking something-I was reluctant about taking anything and hadn't before now-I am so glad I did! I take 30 mg now 1x day and like the lower dose-Initially had a couple a bad reactions-after 12 hrs of my first pill, I got severely hyper but it settled about 6 hrs later then I took a day off and restarted-it's been fine ever since-I can't explain how great it feels to not have those negative thoughts constantly harass you and the renewed sense of self and confidence is over-whelming. I only noticed dry mouth and I'm more forgetful it seems.
4537	8.0	I'm taking Duloxetine 20mg per day for anxiety and minor depression. I have taken this med for almost two months and keep a daily journal. As a 'blind study' I started this drug without my wife's knowledge. I noticed a decrease in my overall anxiety in ten (10) days and my wife mentioned my calmness in two weeks. I am a 70 year old male and I supplement Duloxetine with Buspar on an 'as needed' basis for anxiety. The Duloxetine seems to smooth things out without the numbing effect of a benzodiazepine. I'm on the minimum available dosage and will soon ask my PCP to up my dosage to 40mg per day. There have been absolutely no bad side effects from the drug.
4538	8.0	Was prescribed for depression, but it affected my panic disorder very much. I went from 6-7 panic attacks a day to 1-2 a week/month. It really really helped with my anxiety. The initial 2 weeks were horrible though, increased anxiety, hot flashes. And it interacts with a lot of medications (including vitamin d supplements)
4539	10.0	"Changed my life. I had been experiencing slight bouts of anxiety starting at around age 19. Hitting me hard, randomly of course, only a few times a year. Then when I was 24 something changed with my anxiety and I became completely crippled by it. I was being consumed by constant anxiety, worry, fear, etc every single minute of everyday including when I slept. I was out of control emotionally and mentally. I had to take a box of tissues with me everywhere because the anxiety was so severe I would burst out into tears even during the ""happiest"" of times. Finally after suffering for months I decided to give  Cymbalta a try, reluctantly though. After a week of relatively mild side effects it had changed my life and saved my life."
4540	9.0	I was experiencing awful panic attacks and anxiety that wouldn't let up, I tried so many medications but Cymbalta was the one that worked best for me.  Started at 30 mg for a week then went up to 60, then up to 90 mg where Im at now.  Only down side was it seemed like it took a long time to get here almost back to normal after almost 2 months but I'm glad I'm here, have not had a panic attack in weeks, anxiety is down and I'm off all benzos.  Stick with this medication it did wonders for me and I'm very sensitive to medications.
4541	10.0	I'm Taking Cymbalta for Anxiety And Depression It Makes Me A  Little Jittery And If I Don't Eat With It I Get Sick to My Stomach But I Feel Better Than I Have In A Long Time And Where I Was Using Food To Cope With The Depression This Actually Regulated My Eating So Now I'm  Eating Less With More Energy And Feeling Like A Million Bucks
4542	9.0	I was hesitant to start on an antidepressant. However, while always prone to depression, the episodes had become more severe and lasted longer. I had terrible anxiety. Often even waking up in the middle of the night gasping for breath. Went on cymbalta. It took maybe 2 wks till I tentatively began to acknowledge that it might be working. Plus one evening I went downstairs to get ice for my neck (I had neck surgery last year) and realized I hadn't done that in weeks! Wasn't even taking It for pain. Ive  been on it for 3 mos now. I have experienced extreme fatigue like if I didn't have to get out of bed I could sleep for 12 hrs!  But that seems to be getting better. This drug has been subtle yet miraculous and improved my quality of life!
4543	8.0	"I began taking cymbalta six weeks ago for generalized anxiety disorder.  Although the initial side effects of disrupted sleep was difficult, it disappeared after about three weeks.  I began on 30 mg and increased to 60 mg after one week.  The results have been incredible.  For the first time ever, I can sit quietly without a million thoughts running through my head.  I no longer feel ""stuck"" on certain thoughts.  I feel calmer, more relaxed and happier.  I also find that my thinking is very clear.  Overall, feeling very, very good.  Highly recommend cymbalta."
4544	8.0	I took this drug awhile back, I was on it for 3 years. I don't recall ever having side effects while initially starting or during taking it over time. This drug seemed to help my depression and anxiety significantly, probably more than I actually realized at the time. Only problem I had was, if I missed a dose I'd be hit with massive emotional distress. Crying over the stupidest things rather it was positive or negative crying. My emotions were intense. After a long time without medicine now, trying to beat depression and anxiety on my own and being somewhat successful for an extended period of time I've been contemplating using it again. I've tried almost all of these meds, and this is the one that's worked for me the most.
4545	9.0	I have used Prozac (gained a lot of weight)  Now I am on a combination of Wellbutrin and Cymbalta.  What a difference.  No foggy brain.  My emotions are back.  Don't feel like a zombie any more.  Feel a little dizzy at times, but the benefits outweigh the side effects.  I lost 10 kg !!!  Look and feel great.  Will stay on this combination.  Great for depression.
4546	8.0	I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  It got so bad I couldn't function and my Dr took me off work for 5 weeks and gave me 30mg of cymbalta (generic).  By day 10 I noticed a big improvement..about 60% better.  I see Dr in 2 weeks and she will decide if I should take 60mg.  I really don't want to and I'm hoping I will continue to get better on the 30mg.  I guess I will wait and see how I feel.  I think therapy is a must for people with anxiety so we can learn ways to help stop the negative thoughts and not let them ruminate on a repeat reel in our head.  I have found that there are things we can learn to help with that along with the meds.
4547	9.0	I tried cymbalta right after I gave birth and I noticed a difference within days. My.mood swings before my period get very bad and I thought the medicine wasn't working anymore so I switched to prozac. Big.mistake. I couldn't get out of bed. I switched back to cymbalta and am on day 2 and feel good. Never had side effects or anything like that. This has always been fast acting and an overall good medicaton for depression and my anxiety.
4548	5.0	"I took this for both anxiety and pain.  It did not work as well as Effexor for anxiety but it helped keep away the bad anxiety attacks.  I had to take ativan several times a week where as on the Effexor I took it once or twice a week.  I changed to the Cymbalta hoping it would help with my chronic pain and it did significantly.  The only bad side effect I have had is higher body temperature and sweating.  I am currently researching other medications just because of this side effect.  If you anxiety is mild to moderate and you have chronic pain I think this is a good option if you dont experience the sweating.  My anxiety was a little to much for this drug to handle alone and I cant handle the sweating and ""hot flashes"""
4549	7.0	I've only been on it for 7 days at 30 mg. My Dr said to increase to 60 mg after a week.  I feel it's working for my anxiety at this level so I don't think I should go up. Thoughts?
4550	1.0	I took my first and last 30mg dose of Cymbalta yesterday. The side effects were just unbearable. Dry mouth, blurred vision, tremors, panic attacks, vomiting. I will never take it again. And now today, after only having took one pill and discontinuing, I am having body aches and extreme fatigue. There has to be a better way to beat this anxiety than poisoning ourselves.
4551	9.0	At 25 i started taking celexia. When I became pregnant less then a year later I noticed it not working any more. Then after my daughter was born I noticed a huge difference. My doctor perscribed my cymbalta, starting at 30mg and finally leveling out at 90mg. This is the best I have ever felt and have now been taking it for almost 5 years. A year ago I tried to lower my dosage (through my doctor of course) and with in the week noticed a huge difference, I was more irritable, less patient, and more anxiety. And when I dont take it for a few days my head pounds, I feel nausious, and not like my self at all. At the end of the day the good out ways the bad. Although I do wish they were not so expensive but how can you put a price on feeling normal?
4552	2.0	"I took Cymbalta for anxiety and depression. Over the years, I took anywhere from 30-120 mg. I think around 60 mg was most effective with fewest side effects, but I still experienced tons of anxiety while on it. At 120 mg, I had bizarre psychomotor symptoms - for example, in order to fall asleep, I had to rock back and forth. The same day that I decreased from 60 mg to 30 mg, I noticed the return of an OCD-style facial tic I hadn't had since middle school (I'm 25). Side effects included drastically increased sweating, ""brain zap"" headaches, and difficulty finding the right words (which may be permanent, as I've been off Cymbalta for 3 weeks and continue to experience it)."
4553	8.0	After several years of Zoloft use for GAD, I went off of it, under my dr's supervision. Felt Ok, then last year, had a lot of chronic pain, back &amp; arthritis...heard that Cymbalta was good for all those--pain, depression and anxiety. Psych doc gave me samples, seemed to kick in pretty well &amp; quickly. I have gone through 3 major surgeries in the last 18 months--and went off the Cymbalta b/c I thought I could handle it...Nope, I'm a mess. Needed daily clonazepam to cope. I just went though a 3rd and (Hopefully!!) final surgery 5 weeks ago. Hadn't taken any Cymbalta for months. I am going back on. Just got thru the worst anxiety attacks in my life following the 3rd surgery. I think the dose for me was 60mgs, and I will start it up again.
4554	4.0	Started on Cymbalta for anxiety &amp; depression fall 2014. It was the first anti-depressant that I'd ever tried (aside from St. John's Wort). Side effects during the first week of taking it were SO terrible that I had to stop. I was constantly dizzy. I couldn't focus on anything. It made my body so tense, I'd catch myself clenching my teeth and fists. Insomnia was terrible; I'd wake up ~5x per night. I work in healthcare and I felt like I couldn't do my job with all of these side effects, so I stopped. The side effects were really worse than my anxiety and depression. I have no doubt that they would have eventually decreased, but I couldn't wait for that to happen. Obviously, the side effects will be different for everybody but that's my story
4555	1.0	This medications helped with my arthritis a little but did nothing for anxiety
4556	10.0	I was prescribed Cymbalta for anxiety, it has had a major positive impact.  I was a competitive distance runner for about 25 years and sprained both ankles and wore out my knees.  I was so achy in my joints all weekend and realized I did not take my medicine Saturday or Sunday because I put my pill case away when the cleaning lady came--HA HA.  It helps anxiety and joint pain.  I am very pleased with the results.
4557	10.0	I have GAD, tried celexa, worked for a while, mental fog. I then tried Lexapro which worked but I decided to try Cymbalta for its chronic low back pain effectiveness. I have a bulged disc, arthritis from homecare for many years. I will not even consider Narcotics for pain... Cymbalta has been a life saver, I too have dry mouth night sweats, increased weight of 10lbs. But I feel calmer, I started off on 30 mg for 2 wks the increased the dose per my HCP.  I can tell when I don't take it. Chronic low back pain, dizziness as well and  anxiety symptoms return... I am a nurse and I hate taking medicine but this is one medicine I don't mind taking. The benefits out weigh the everything else.
4558	10.0	I had been using Cymbalta for 3 years and all was great until the generic one appeared and I took it for several weeks and started getting a metallic taste in my mouth and got cyst in my mouth and on both sides of my tongue; nothing tasted right.  I had my doc write a script for use of only the original Cymbalta because I saw on another forum that this was a reaction of the generic.  All the cyst cleared up and gone and everything is normal after 2 weeks of original Cymbalta!
4559	10.0	Took it for 6 months and it got me through the worst of my symptoms
4560	10.0	I have been on several medications (citalopram) &amp; after 6   years it simply stopped helping my anxiety. It made me tired, foggy &amp; spacey anyways. I had a hard time being sharp at my corporate job. I then got off of anything and was just ok for 7 months. Then my spouse almost died and it sent me reeling into depression &amp; severe anxiety. I was paralyzed with fear. I couldn't get my work done, cried all the time, had major anxiety. I was afraid to try anything due to the fear of being tired, foggy or dull. Started 30mg Cymbalta. It helped me within 3 days. First 3 days was nauseous. After 2 weeks I was no longer depressed, no catastrophic thinking or panic attacks. Wish I had tried 10-20 years ago! It has turned me around. Not foggy or tired!
4561	8.0	I started taking Cymbalta earlier this year for my anxiety. I found it really helped, but I didn't want to stay on it for long. I had a few side effects while being on Cymbalta such as night sweats, trouble sleeping and electric pulses through my body. Whilst gradually lowering my doses of Cymbalta these side effects did get a little worse, however they have completely gone now. I started lowering my doses in June, and now by the end of August the night sweats have completely stopped, my sleeping is back to normal, and the electric pulses are very rare. When I think about getting worried or anxious now, I just remember that its not a big deal and that if I was on Cymbalta I wouldn't have even thought about it.
4562	8.0	I'm 5 weeks into taking Duloxetine for depression and anxiety and have had an overall positive experience.  My anxiety was greatly reduced after only 4 days on 40mg per day including stopping negative thoughts, no more panic attacks at night etc.  The second week I was very tired and depressed without the anxiety, sleeping many hours each day.  But by the third week both depression and anxiety were greatly reduced.  However by the end of the month the anxiety had started to return slightly and my doctor has now increased the dose to 80mg per day.  I had slight nausea, dry mouth and loss of appetite, and some indigestion during the first week or so and now again since I have upped the dose but I imagine these will disappear again soon.
4563	4.0	Didn't work for me. Felt pretty barfy and crummy first several days. Seemed to make me agitated. Only on it for a week; withdrawal was unpleasant. Just my experience, however.
4564	9.0	I just started taking this medication last night and ALREADY feel so much better. I've tried Prozac, Celexa, Zoloft, Buspar, Abilify, and countless others to help with my anxiety and none of them worked. This medication is a miracle in my opinion. I can't believe how quickly it works too. I'm taking this along with Atarax to help anxiety and panic attacks. I like the Atarax too and have not needed to take clonazepam today. Very happy. Only problem was that I couldn't sleep last night. I was physically exhausted and couldn't open my eyes or move but my mind was active. Hopefully this will pass. I've also had an upset stomach today with diarrhea but it beats anxiety any day!
4565	9.0	I was quick to anger, severe mood swings would yell at my kids for the slightest things. I was ready to punch anybody that would make me mad and( it didn't take much!) I started with Cymbalta 30mg and I noticed a slight difference I was increased to 60 mg and I felt the change right away. I'm so calm and I'm back to being a happy mom. I take it at night because it would get me sleepy during the day if I take in the morning some of the side effects I've experienced have been dry mouth, lack of appetite, hot flashes, tiredness! I love this medicine it has changed my life. The relationship with my children is much much better too. I no longer have crying spells and I'm a much nicer person. Try Cymbalta.
4566	8.0	After trying two other medicines with horrible side effects and no results, Cymbalta finally did the trick!  The side effects were mild (hot flashes, some shakiness, etc) have mostly subsided and I'm sleeping better.
4567	10.0	This medication was a life saver for me as it helped me to overcome anxiety at work and allowed me to regain my focus. This also helped a lot with my irritable bowel syndrome issues! Only downfall was the first few weeks where I lost a lot of weight due to having no desire to eat and I had to switch to taking it at night because when I took it in the morning it made me dizzy and tired all day. I am taking 30mg once a day and have been on this for about 8 months. Hang in there if you just started the medication because it takes about a month to really kick in.
4568	9.0	I started this medication after I basically had a nervous breakdown in June 2013. I couldn't function as a mother, I felt scared &amp; nervous all the time, lights were too bright, sounds were too loud. I couldn't deal with all of the things that needed to be done around the house. Started out at 30mg for 2 weeks then went up to 60mg. Made me super tired in the afternoons at first. (take around 7am). Cymbalta slowly brought me out of the 'fog' I was in, it took about 6-8 weeks before I could say I felt 'normal' again; whatever that is, right? 
4569	8.0	The medication helps but if I take too much at once or not at the right time thing dont feel right other wise It has greatly helped my mood
4570	6.0	"Cymbalta worked somewhat on my obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety and depression better than other medicines. However, I felt like I couldn't do much. I had zero energy even though I took my dose (60mgs) at night. It became too tiring to even make myself something to eat. I did not want to go anywhere or do anything because I didn't have the energy. 
At higher doses (90 mgs), I had stomach upset and pains if I did not take my dose with food. I would also have diarrhea/loose stools at the higher dose. 
Sexual side effects were decreased interest and desire in sex. Could be attributed to just not having the energy to enjoy it. 
It did help with my OCD and lowered my anxiety but did not help my depression."
4571	9.0	"Cymbalta saved my sanity. I was under incredible work pressure and stress for three solid months (new job covering for one coworker on maternity leave another coworker having a sudden heart attack and Crohn's flare up. Me running the office for three months, even though I'd just been hired). I had a doctor's appointment and broke down on the table. He prescribed Celexa first, which gave me severe panic attacks. Then he switched me to Cymbalta, and I was back to normal within days. 

The downside: It is extremely hard to stop taking it. I was intended to take it only for the short term, until things calmed down at work. Two years later, I'm still on it because going off was WEIRD. Numbness, tingling, weird sensory inputs, distraction."
4572	8.0	I have been on Cymbalta for almost 5 years after a very difficult 4 years of PND/PSTD. Other medications got me to a point of about 50 percent improvement. This was far from ideal/adequate. Cymbalta worked for me like no other antidepressant. My anxiety reduced to the point where I can function at a pretty high level. I still have bouts of anxiety and occasional dark moods but they pass and even now are fewer and further between. I have tried to come off of it a few times but at 30mg the cogs begin to turn faster and I can feel my anxiety levels significantly increasing. I am concerned that my emotions are a bit blunted and like someone else said, I cannot cry, which I miss. I used to like a good, therapeutic cry. I also have no sex drive.
4573	8.0	"Have been on this medication for 4 yrs for Anxiety Disorder &amp; Fibromyalgia. Cymbalta has definitely helped with both conditions. Without it, I'd be in an almost constant state of Anxiety &amp; the Fibromyalgia flare-ups would be much worse. (Found this out when I reduced the dose from 60 mgs a day to 30mgs every other day, after hitting the expensive Medicare ""donut hole"" last year. That reduction also caused severe depression within a month and I've never been diagnosed with depression!). My side effects include some gastrointestinal problems &amp; 30 lb. weight gain, despite daily exercise/diet. (All SSRI's cause weight gain for me). Hate the extra weight gain, but it's better than having Anxiety/Fibromyalgia pain."
4574	9.0	"I was started on Cymbalta 30mg about 6 months ago. I was increasingly anxious and irritable and quick to start arguments. My presenting complaint was however tinnitus due to jaw clenching!
Cymbalta almost immediately calmed me down. I feel less guilt feelings about everything. I can walk away from arguments unless really pushed - and then just watch out! My spouse thinks I am better for it.
However I do feel rather fatigued and now find it difficult to exercise but once I start I have no problem.
I can focus and work with a less antagonistic attitudes. Sleep is better. Sex is better. No weight problem. I do drink very moderately with no problem. 
Missing doses is a major problem: headaches, dizziness, nightmares."
4575	10.0	"The only real way to see if medication works is to ask the people you live with. I've been on Cymbalta for over a month and have had no side effects. My family can testify that I am a so much more calmer and less reactive. In fact my 18 year old daughter happened to be with me when I went to the doctor and he asked how I was going. My daughter replied for me and told him, ""I don't know if it's all in her head, but she is amazing now. She used to be so irritable and grumpy. Now she's really nice.""  How's that for honesty? Like they say, ""Out of the mouth of babes!"" I really, really do feel happier and it's great knowing my family can see the difference. I remember saying to my doctor ""I'm not coping"", but I truly don't feel that way anymore."
4576	8.0	I have suffered from anxiety problems my whole life, but it was easily managed until I turned 23 (2.5 years ago) when it blew up and every month got much worse. In Dec 2012, I was diagnosed with severe generalized anxiety disorder, moderate panic disorder, and moderate agoraphobia. I also have Irritable Bowel Syndrome-D, and combined with anxiety, I always had to be near a bathroom - any time I left the house I had diarrhea. Couldn't go shopping alone, do drive throughs, etc. Started this and almost immediately felt a bit better, minimal side effects (insomnia/headache 1st 3 days, itchy armpits 1st week) and it has taken the edge off lots. Have done many things I couldn't. No weight gain so far, very happy. Only big anxiety triggers bother me a bit, and Imodium use decreased LOTS! No mental fog!
4577	9.0	I have been taking Cymbalta for 15 months now. First 30mg and then six months later up it to 60mgs/day. It was prescribed to me for clinical depression.  It works for the depression and I also noticed it has worked very well for anxiety also.  My MD and I have discussed that I probably have had this anxiety disorder for some time and curtailed with the depression, Cymbalta has done well for both.  Side effects are weight gain (5-10 lbs), and bad withdrawal effects if you miss a day or two - headaches.  Otherwise, the medication has worked very well and I feel like I can live my life again.
4578	8.0	I've been taking 120mg of Cymbalta for 6 months now &amp; have found the benefits to be: decreased anxiety; increased social confidence; and 10kg (22.2 pounds) weight loss!! The negatives have been: irregular insomnia; slightly manic personality when really comfortable in my social surroundings; dry mouth; mild occasional nausea &amp; that's about it. I'm under the watchful eye of a great Psychiatrist &amp; think Cymbalta is much better than Prozac &amp; Zoloft which I've been on for 5 years prior (at alternate times). Also, I strongly recommend reducing your alcohol intake - Cymbalta increases side effects &amp; makes you feel embarrassingly drunk &amp; tired much earlier than others. Good luck.
4579	10.0	I have been on Cymbalta for about 4 months now, and finally can say that it is worth going through some of the beginning side effects.  We must be careful though, to listen to our bodies first.  Side effects can be bothersome but should not be unbearable, so if this is your case with Cymbalta or any other medication, you must consult your physician.  When I first started Cymbalta, (which I did twice before finally staying on it) I could not sleep, had headaches, and could not even drink a cup of coffee without feeling as if I was hyper.  Eventually, things got better and I was able to stop the additional medication that was prescribed to help me sleep.  Switching Cymbalta to bedtime helped tremendously!  No pain and/or anxiety.
4580	10.0	Cymbalta changed my life. Initially, for the worst - I was vomiting and felt like I was dying for the first few days. Then gradually, the side effects lessened. The vomiting stopped after 2 days, the foggy head and ill stomach cleared after a week or 2. Then it changed my life for the better - to my shock and my doctor's amazement, the lowest dose (30mg) worked! No need to experience the side effects of moving to a higher dosage (thank goodness!). I was previously unable to socialise and frequently had a fight or flight response that was way over-reactive. Now, although not perfect, it's way more under control. I've used Cymbalta for almost a year. I would definitely recommend Cymbalta!
4581	1.0	On it for a month, became extremely depressed and had suicidal thoughts.
4582	10.0	I absolutely love Cymbalta; it's a miracle for me. My anxiety, depression, and spinal pain have all been reduced or gone away. I also lost weight and could eat anything I wanted. After 6 months, I switched to Celexa to save money. Big Mistake. I started gaining weight, and it didn't have much effect on anxiety or depression. I switched back to Cymbalta, and am happy again.
4583	1.0	I've been on Cymbalta for about 8 months now. I never had major side effects to begin with but the last 3 months I've been experiencing nightmares or crazy dreams, I'm tired a lot, I sweat at night, I feel as if I'm in one mood and the only major emotion I get is anger. It's hard to laugh at things that I used to and I can't cry anymore. Sometimes I just want to feel frustrated when I know I should, and sad, but I feel stuck and emotionless. I don't think Cymbalta has helped me. I think the only progress I've made with my anxiety, OCD, and depression has been on my own.
4584	10.0	I have been on Cymbalta 30mg for just under 2 weeks. After the first 3 days I started feeling a lot better. It was slightly scary actually to go from feeling like your world is imploding to feeling like you want to smell and see every flower on the planet. It happened so fast. Yes there were a lot of initial side effects from getting used to the medicine. I had the shakes, weird slowing down, odd feelings, nausea, etc. but I am doing very well on it. I went on diet again having gained 25kg from being in Lexapro and Seroquel for over a 18 months. But I now have a low dose of Seroquel every night and Cymbalta every morning and I am back to feeling great. 
4585	7.0	Was on Cymbalta for 2 years. Worked fabulous for anxiety and panic. Unfortunately I was diagnosed with Gastritis so me and my doctor felt it was best to switch to something else because this medicine has been found to cause stomach issues.
4586	9.0	I am a 23 year old girl and I have suffered from anxiety for as long as I can remember. I had tried so many different medicines from Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac and Celexa... nothing worked. I would get a little better but once again, I would suffer a horrible bout of anxiety attacks. The first day I started Cymbalta I felt a rush of calmness over me. I immediately felt at ease and not as ansy and nervous as I always was. I could finally relax and do everyday normal things without worrying about when I would suffer another attack and would ruin my day. I have not had an attack in about 3 months now and feel so great! I do not feel zoned out like I did on the other medicines. I am happy and confident and overall have a better sense of well being.
4587	9.0	I have been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder.  My doctor prescribed Cymbalta.  It cured my anxiety, but came at a price... it's an expensive medicine, and I hope that mediation and relaxation will help me get off of Cymbalta one day :) Short term, it has been extremely effective in my recovery of anxiety and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
4588	9.0	"I am a RN who suffers from severe social anxiety and moderate depression.  Symptoms associated with SAD have included inability to write in front of others, eat in public, public speaking.  Even drinking in front of others was difficult for me.  I hated the shaking, heart racing/pounding, and everything else that went along with this horrible affliction! I remember it all starting around 15 years old but never could understand why.  I'm 41 yrs old today and my anxieties have affected my life negatively and held me back in so many ways.  I never felt normal.  Many years and meds later, I came to believe my life would never change.  That I would never feel ""normal"" around people. Then I found Cymbalta..changed my life!"
4589	4.0	I have been taking this medication for a little over 6 years and was started off on the 60mg dosage. In the beginning it worked great. I'm now on 90mg sometimes 160mg of Cymbalta, and I feel anxious all the time and also extreme fatigue. 
4590	10.0	I've been on Cymbalta for 2 days and it is great.  My daily high anxiety is completely diminished.  I can make decisions without anxiety.  I am having trouble with sleepiness however, I know this will subside.  I got back on antidepressants because I've had a tough time dealing with moms death in May and currently going through divorce.
4591	8.0	I went from being extremely angry and so anxious I couldn't leave the house, to now being able to go out in public, socialize with others, and live life. I feel much happier, have more energy, and am MUCH more pleasant to be around.
4592	1.0	Cymbalta did nothing to lessen my anxiety.
4593	3.0	"I took Cymbalta for 4 days for anxiety, panic attacks and mild depression. I read many reviews and wondered whether I should stick with it despite the side effects, but in the end I just couldn't. 

I've been on Lexapro and Effexor before and I was expecting the same type of side effects: dry mouth, nausea, headaches. But this was a lot worse. 

I was sleeping ok before, and started having insomnia from Cymbalta. My heart was also racing, which for a panic attack sufferer, is the worst thing that can happen. I almost stopped eating, no appetite at all. I also started feeling really low, super anxious and depressed, and could only go through the day with the use of alprazolam. In the end I spoke to my doctor and I will now start on Pristiq"
4594	9.0	I love this medicine! My anxiety started off as mild and as years past slowly got worse. I went from having social anxiety to generalized anxiety and then major depression. It took me 7 years to find this medicine but once I found it I gained my life back. Still have a little anxiety but most is gone. This medicine was great for my major depression. Yes it does have some side effects but most will disappear with time and like most other users will vouch, the benefits far outweigh the side mild side effects. 
4595	9.0	"I've been taking Cymbalta for 2-3 months.  I had been taking 30 mg. a day, but my doctor told me I could try 60 mg.  a day, i.e. 30 mg. twice a day, and since I've been taking 60 mg., which is about a month ago, something weird has happened: I feel ecstatic all the time, and as though I've returned to my ""true"" self, i.e. ways I used to be, and liked, decades ago, but have been out of touch with for a long time. I'm much more productive and creative, and don't feel overwhelmed the way I used to."
4596	10.0	"Worked great on the anxiety. Was TERRIBLE for weight gain. I gained 30 lbs in 3 months and this was the only change to my routine. I was not eating more or differently. I was doing more because my arthritis hurt less. So, as far as I am concerned it was the Cymbalta.
So if feeling calmer and more able to handle stressful events is worth the extra weight, then this is a good pill.
For me, the extra 30 lbs was not OK, and it is a new experience for me. I have never had a weight gain problem before."
4597	9.0	Helped for several years but effect stopped recently and I had to switch
4598	4.0	This is my second week. I'm extremely tired, moody and emotional and constipated. My doctor took me off of Celexa. I'm not sure if I want to continue taking this since it seems as though I'm worse. I've experienced more anxiety and I'm a mess now. 
4599	3.0	"4 weeks on Cymbalta at 60mg. I came off because they made me feel ill, and I am used to medication as I have tried a few. I spent 3 years on a high dose of Citalopram and never went through anything like I have done with coming off Cymbalta. My GP decided to slowly taper me off and this is when hell started.  Never on any medication that I have taken have the withdrawals been as bad. I have constant nausea, have been sick, stomach aches and pains, diarrhea, dizziness, leg ache, restless sleep, bad dreams, chills, and now my anxiety is back!  I am crying on/off and having panic attacks. It's just awful.
"
4600	1.0	I can't sleep, I am talking to fast and my heart feels like its going to fly out of my chest at anytime. They were trying to slow it down and all they did was speed it up.
4601	4.0	When I started taking Cymbalta it took only a few days for it to kick in.  It worked great for my anxiety and depression, but did nothing for arthritis pain. The only side effect I had was extremely difficult urination.  I had to discontinue the medication.
4602	6.0	I have been treated with Lexapro, Zoloft, Pristiq, Klonopin and lamictal and none were effective. I have been taking Cymbalta for about one week now, and still don't feel any different. I wake up every day feeling 100% anxious and find it extremely hard to get out of bed. It has been this severe for about two months now where I feel totally incapable of living. Doctor said to stay on Cymbalta and see if it changes anything. Feeling hopeful!
4603	10.0	Never thought I would have my life back. I can think clearer, my mind isn't racing as often, and I'm not agoraphobic. I used to have a severe phobia of driving and now I can get behind the wheel and even look forward to driving! I have tried everything, Prozac, Wellbutrin, Paxil, Zoloft, and none of them have worked for me. I have lost 9 pounds and counting, because I'm not eating out of depression and anxiety and I'm able to think about myself in a healthy light. I was prescribed Klonopin for severe attacks and found after 4 weeks of Cymbalta find no need for them. I am so grateful for this medicine!
4604	9.0	This medication did amazing things for me after being diagnosed with an anxiety disorder.  I suffered panic attacks, inability to control my emotions, crying to bouts of anger along with other symptoms.  Within 2 weeks there was a huge change. I am now laughing and joking again, I have no mood swings, no more crying, I have no anger issues now, just incredible.  I did suffer side effects for the first 17 days and was very nauseous. First few days are the worst and then it eases off, some minor headaches, a small amount of fever, a little more sweating, some dizziness, but overall it was worth it.  Back to a happy go lucky girl.
4605	10.0	I have been on Cymbalta for 6 years. It was a life saver for me as I was unable to take the SSRIs due to retinal detachment, and the older type of medicines did little for me. During the first 2 weeks of Cymbalta, nausea was the most common side effect but that only lasted for approx 3-4 weeks. This medicine gave me my life back after suffering for years from fear and anxiety. Thanks Eli Lilly.
4606	1.0	This didn't agree with my body at all.  After only 2 or 3 days I was convulsing, vomiting, diarrhea and was very lethargic.  I was on a very low dosage. (10 mg)
4607	10.0	I was having panic attacks so bad I would have to pull off the road while driving. My husband was waiting on a double lung transplant when these attacks started. After the transplant the care giving made these attacks become worse. I couldn't breathe, I wanted to cover up under something and not come out. My doctor gave me Lexapro and one dose made me worse. He ask me to try Cymbalta and after one dose I became immediately better. I've been on Cymbalta for 4 years, and would hate to go back to the times when I had those attacks. It obviously was the medicine I needed.
4608	9.0	I wouldn't go as far to say Cymbalta has given me my life back but I will say it improved my quality of life immensely and has kept working.  I have moderate to severe generalized anxiety disorder and I felt like I was living a nightmare - highly uncomfortable and muscle tension so bad I could barely breath at times, constant worry and stress. I have been off and on Lexapro for this very reason because I hated the stigma. Lexapro helped but the sexual side effects were horrible and I felt emotionless.  A Nurse practitioner suggested Cymbalta. I stuck with low dose 30 mg every morning and what a difference. I can breath easier, sex is better (still not back to where it was before antidepressants) but the debilitating anxiety is mostly gone.
4609	10.0	I started take this at 30mg a week ago. I have been on so many different medicines none of them work but after only a couple of days I was feeling much better. I drove my car for an hour last night for the first time. 2 years ago I got electrocuted on 440 and I started getting the worse panic attacks. I could not get out of bed most days. I have been on every medicine they make for this. None of them worked but in a week on Cymbalta I feel like I'm almost my old self again. I just turned 25 and I have a 2year old son. So thank you Cymbalta. The only side effect is I can not sleep at all. Maybe an hour here or there but I have not been tired.
4610	6.0	I was on Cymbalta for up to just under two weeks ago. At one point, I was on 90mg for a short period of time. Last December, I dropped it. Only because it, meaning Cymbalta, left me mostly feeling fatigued. The anxiety came back and last month, April/2011 restarted it again back on 60mg. Everything was going fairly well, then I experienced a rash on my forehead, itching. My throat felt as if it was closing up on me. Stopped it cold turkey and went through a roller coaster of mostly aggressive moods. It was an allergic/adverse reaction.
4611	4.0	I am taking 60 mg of Cymbalta for anxiety and depression.  Previously I had been on Lexapro (which gave me nightmares) and Paxil, which worked for a time but sent me into a relapse when I was weaned off of it.  I have noticed a few side effects - the most predominant one is that it makes me very tired.  I don't have much of an appetite, but when I do, I crave sweets and have put on a few pounds as a result.  Very little sex drive, though it was low to begin with.  Although the medication has helped to keep my anxiety at a manageable level, my general mood has been very blank - I feel very little in the way of happiness or sadness.  My doctor has suggested either switching to a higher dose (120 mg) of Cymbalta, or changing to Zoloft or Paxil.
4612	10.0	Cymbalta has changed my life. I suffer from anxiety and trichotillomania which is an obsessive hair pulling disorder which stems from the anxiety. I've tried many different medications such as Prozac and Zoloft etc. I had bad luck with those. The first two weeks on Cymbalta was rough. I was very very dizzy, felt sick and did not want to eat. I was very tired and would sweat. I started to take the medication at night because the dizziness was too much. After a week they upped the dosage and it got a little better. Three weeks I felt relieved and by week five, I felt amazing. I feel like a normal person, my mind is clear, I'm not anxious and I stopped pulling my hair. The side effects went away except for being slightly tired.
4613	7.0	Cymbalta works for me, I have symptoms of PTSD and have tried other medications for my anxiety such as: PAXIL, CELEXA, and PROZAC with no good results. So far so good with Cymbalta with minimal sexual side effects for me. Psychotherapy and Physical Fitness is recommended if you use this medication.
4614	1.0	My Dr. prescribed me 60 MG Cymbalta 2 weeks ago to take everyday along with a 25MG Antihistamine for anxiety. Honestly, there seems to be more good than bad reviews so I'm guessing I'm a part of the small percent chance that it will have bad or little to no effect. The only thing Cymbalta does for me is make me exaggerate a smile. I still feel exactly the same and my anxiety is still there. The Antihistamine mainly takes care of the physical effects of anxiety but mentally I'm still suffering. Try it if you need to, I say it's worth a shot.
4615	5.0	I have been on Cymbalta for about four months. My doctor switched me from Zoloft to Cymbalta after I continued to experience panic attacks. Fortunately, Cymbalta worked great! My panic attacks went away and my mood swings seemed to calm down. But, about a month ago I decided that I wanted to come off of Cymbalta because my husband and I are trying to get pregnant. That's when things went down hill. Instead of tapering off of the medicine (which is not what my doctor said I would have to do) I just stopped cold turkey. I began to experience severe headaches, insomnia, nausea, tingling in my hands and face, I also began to hallucinate and the worst part has been the brain zaps.
4616	1.0	Been on this medicine for almost 2 years. Went to max dose of 60mg. Did NOTHING for my depression, anxiety, back pain, or Fibromyalgia. Completely useless medication. And whats worse? You got it- WITHDRAWAL. I have been to the ER 4 times now since withdrawing from 60mg down to 30mg, so I am only half way weened off as of now. Extreme vertigo, nausea, dizziness, brain zaps, edge of panic all day into night. Worst experience I have every had after trying different anti-depressants for the last 7 years. Gave this medicine the last chance. After I get off it, may take me a year or more to ween the rest of the way down.
4617	9.0	I have been on Cymbalta for almost 4 years now and it has been a lifesaver for me.  The first few weeks I had some loose stools, but that subsided.  The only problem I have with it now is keeping weight off.  I have trouble loosing weight and I think it is due to the Cymbalta.  I eat a well balanced diet and exercise.  However, due to the numerous medicines I had tried before that failed me for anxiety and depression, I will keep taking the Cymbalta.  I'd rather be fat then feel the way I felt before.
4618	8.0	"I've been taking Cymbalta (60mg) for around 6 months now and it seems to be really helping me with my anxiety and depression. I don't panic over little things anymore which is great and my friends and family have really seen an improvement in my mood. Decreased my appetite and emotional eating and I've lost 17 kilos (37 pounds).

Negative (but bearable) side effects would be moderate fatigue, the occasional headache if I take my dose late, weird dreams every night, twitching, dizziness when I stand up. The worst thing I've noticed is memory problems, I sometimes can't remember simple words and get a little confused."
4619	10.0	My issue is anxiety.  I have tried Effexor, Lexapro, Prozac, and finally Cymbalta.  Last month, I told my doctor I was done with these medications.  I was willing to live with the anxiety because the uncontrollable weight gain was making me depressed.  He listened and prescribed a very low dose of Cymbalta.   Thank you so MUCH.  I feel so much better.  I am finally able to lose weight without trying.  Before, I could not convince myself to even diet for one day. It was impossible. Never an issue prior and now thankfully I have control over my eating.  I was always ambivalent about everything.  Now things impact me within reason.  I don't obsess but I still care.
4620	5.0	"I have been on Cymbalta for about 3 months for anxiety. Started at 30mgs for the first two weeks then up to 60. My doctor also prescribed me Lorazepam for the occasional ""melt down"". Before Cymbalta I was anxious about everything, whether it made sense or not. Had ""melt downs"" at least three times a week. I have noticed a huge change, my family has as well. I feel like myself, not afraid or anxious.
But I missed two doses (just two) and am now experiencing some not so fun withdrawal symptoms. I'm extremely nauseous, dizzy, brain feels muddled and I'm feeling a bit depressed/emotional. Now, I seem to be questioning this ""miracle drug"" and think I may need to find another way to deal with my anxiety issues."
4621	1.0	"Prescribed via a Psychiatrist for severe Panic attacks for 2 years.
If I take dosage late or forget to take it the withdrawal symptoms kick in.  
Gnawing physical pain, breathlessness, disorientation to time, difficulties in word finding while speaking, severe muscle pain and stiffness, nausea, labile emotions and panic.

"
4622	8.0	I have been off and on Cymbalta for over a year now. During a really stressful time in my life I was started on Zoloft and then Klonopin. The Zoloft gave me restless legs and Klonopin made me severely depressed. After a period of nothing my Doctor suggested Cymbalta. After just a few days things got so much better. I relaxed and was able to eat and sleep normally again. The side effects were very minimal and lasted less than a week. After hearing horror stories of stopping Zoloft. I quit by counting the granules and tapering down over a couple of months. It worked fine for me. I usually try to take it around noon with lunch for the best sleep at night.
4623	1.0	I have been on Cymbalta (30mg) for a three week trial for treating my anxiety, depression and fibromyalgia. Thought it sounded like a miracle pill since I'm only 21 years old, but this has caused everything from headaches to stomach pain to diarrhea. I figured I could live with that and let it run its course but things got worse. I noticed my anxiety attacks got much worse and became more frequent, had to go the ER last night because my hands, feet, tongue, ears, face went numb and swelled. Now I'm on steroids and Benadryl to bring it down. 
4624	1.0	Did not work for me. Was having some side effects from Zoloft, so I went to my MD to change things around a bit.  Zoloft was the only thing I had ever been on, but the tiredness and no libido was getting in the way of my children and marriage.  My doctor put me on Cymbalta and at first I thought that I was really going to like it. I felt more energetic and definitely more patient with my husband and children. BUT then I started getting anxious off and on, which gradually got worse until I couldn't stand it any more.  Now I'm trying a different SNRI, Pristiq.  Time will tell, but Cymbalta was definitely not for me.
4625	9.0	"Being 32 and having cancer four times, I realized that I had a serious anxiety disorder. I did not believe in a ""pill"" but eventually, I realized that something had to change. I tried Welbutrin for a while, which made me feel bipolar and then I switched to Lexapro for several years. The problem with Lexapro was that I didn't feel anything good or bad. I know that you might think that's a blessing, but it's truly not. After gaining over 20 pounds, my doctor suggested that I switch to Cymbalta, which I was very nervous about, but I knew something had to change. I have been on Cymbalta for 3 months now and it is working. I think the worst part is the constipation! I also have broken out in several rashes on my face while ""drinking."""
4626	9.0	I have been taking this medicine for 1.5 years, and it has been a life changer. I have generalized anxiety and fibromyalgia, both of which affected my daily life. I began noticing mood changes immediately, and the pain subsided within a month or so. I am myself again, relaxed, level headed, and able to cope with everyday stress. The only side effect I have experienced was extreme night sweats. This has subsided, as most of Cymbalta's side effects do. I ask if you are questioning whether or not to stay on the Cymbalta or to wait it out, because the side effects fade and the positive effects increase.
4627	8.0	I've been on Cymbalta for about 13 months but after reading many of the posts, I'm thinking I should add this little self-evaluation.  I was diagnosed with autism, dyslexia and hyper-activity in the mid-1960's when research was still in its infancy. Anxiety was a continuous battle and after failing the 4th grade, all I remember was being in a fog. Cymbalta has cut through the anxiety even though the autism and dyslexia are hard-wired as part of my disorder.  I was recently pushed to 60 mg with improvement from my 30 mg dose.  As part of anxiety, you can feel the adrenaline flowing through you at the slightest distraction or obstacle, but Cymbalta has done miracles to cut the amount of adrenaline released.  Coffee puts me to sleep.
4628	9.0	I have been taking Cymbalta for about 10 months now.  At first the side effects were difficult because I felt nauseous, dizzy, had brain zaps, constipation, and my dreams were crazy.  Luckily I did not quit within the first 2 weeks and the side effects mostly subsided.  Cymbalta has really helped with my anxiety and depression.  I was on 30mg then 60mg.  The first couple months were the best with no anxiety at all but slowly it started to come back. My dose has just been raised to 90mg and am also on Wellbutrin.  Not perfect and I don't want to keep raising the dose but Cymbalta has really improved my daily life and relationships with others.
4629	2.0	I was prescribed this medicine after failed attempts on Effexor, Lexapro, Zoloft and Pristq.  I've been trying different medicines and have been having panic attacks ever since I can remember, even when I was a child in school, after my son was born it got WORSE. I am currently taking Xanax, two 0.5mgs a day and clonazepam two 1mg's a day and also a Beta Blocker for fast heart rate. I've been on the Beta Blocker for 6 years. I have been taking Xanax and clonazepam for 3 years. They do not help my anxiety 100%. I still get attacks, but not full blown panic attacks like I used to. I took my first Cymbalta last night. I'm supposed to take 20mg in the morning and another 20mg at night. No side effects yet! I'm hoping this will be the pill that works for me!
4630	10.0	This medicine has been truly life changing. My anxiety and depression were severe, and no other medicine had shown promising results. After about 3 months on this medicine (Only 30mg) I had remarkable results.
4631	9.0	I am an 18 year old male. I started Cymbalta 3 weeks ago for Generalized Anxiety. My anxiety got to a point where I couldn't even sit down and watch T.V or surf the internet without getting stressed. My stress started to control me. It was controlling simple decisions, it controlled what I did! I started to avoid everything that would possibly stress me out. It became a viscous cycle. Even things like simply playing my guitar or attending my college classes was becoming difficult to do without getting anxious. NOW after taking Cymbalta I feel like I have the opportunity to be myself again, and without worrying about getting anxious or stressed! Now I control my anxiety, instead of it controlling me! Only side effect is delayed orgasm.
4632	9.0	Cymbalta is the best med I have ever taken for my panic attacks and depression.  It has fixed my mood and is very tolerable.
4633	10.0	This medication is excellent for anxiety ,depression, bipolar type 2 disorder and also helps with any pain that the patient my be suffering from from pain from depression and/or chronic pain. However this medication will not cure your pain if it's chronic, but it will alleviate it a lot and you wont have to take so much prescription pain killers. I'm speaking from personal experience and from the experiences of others. The only problem is that this medication is very expensive especially if you don't have prescription drug insurance and there's no generic for this yet.
4634	3.0	I have been on Cymbalta for one month for relentless anxiety and depression, after trying Paxil, Wellbutrin, Prozac and many others I can not even remember the names of. There has been a loss of appetite for a few weeks but it has mostly gone away. It caused panic in the beginning but Ativan helped a little with that. After a week I felt really good(20 mg) and have been up and down ever since. It has helped a lot but so far it is not the answer. 
4635	5.0	I took this drug for a couple years. At first I was very tired all the time but that passed. It did help with the anxiety for the first 6 months or so but I always had the brain zaps everyone talks about. They were very frustrating and after the 6 months it was not effective. I didn't like the way I felt and quit taking it.
4636	9.0	I am 42 and began taking Cymbalta 4 weeks ago. I started with 30mg for 2 weeks, and am currently taking 60mg a day. I began taking this drug due to the advice of my doctor after approaching him about my uncontrolable anger issues that have plagued me my entire adult life. I have to say that it has been a lifesaver. I have never gone 1 week, never mind 4 weeks without an anger outburst or stress related outburst. My family is happier..I am happier...I have never felt this great...only side effects are some dry mouth at night and occasional tiredness during the day...an easy trade off for a drug that has given me my life back!!!
4637	5.0	"My Doctor diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and put me on Cymbalta.  The first couple of weeks were a little rough with the nausea, but nothing unbearable.  I did lose a bit of weight too.  It did help with my anxiety and depression a lot.  I was on 60mg.  Now 2 years later I was in a different place in my life, did not want to be dependent on a pill, so started weaning off.  Went from 60mg to 30mg.  Then taking it every other day.... then down to 20mg.  Now is the hard part.  Dr told me from there just quit taking it - yah right.  All the blogs you read about the ""brain zaps"" are so true. "
4638	8.0	"First couple of weeks where quite bad with nausea, yawning, panic attacks but then quite suddenly I was able to leave my house go for walks without anxiety, all was good for about 4-5 months(on 60 mg), then anxiety came back, now I'm on 90mg and it's better yet again.

i got severe backpains, and was given tramadol....not a good idea, i had some intestinal bleeding and severe mood swings, vicodin seems fine, so does codein taken with tylanol"
4639	9.0	This medicine was the 1st thing in YEARS that made me feel like myself again. It started working within a few days. The panic attacks subsided almost immediately and the depression lifted. The side effects I experienced (although annoying) were nothing compared to the benefits it gave me. The 1st 2 weeks I was nauseous and tired, felt out of it but my head was clearer and thoughts focused after that. I did lose like 20 pounds, it stopped my emotional eating. The worst part was the night sweats I had for about 2 months or so. I was on it for about 5 months but had to wean off due to lack of insurance. Coming off was terrible though... total withdrawal, brain zaps, confusion etc. I'll get back on it as soon as I can because I know it did wonders.
4640	1.0	I was prescribed this for mild anxiety after I was in a car accident and the headaches I got as a result. I took ONE 20 mg at night and woke up four hours later with the most horrible panic attack (that's what the doctor said). I've never had that happen in my life. My heart was racing and pounding, I would get hot then cold and back again, I was shaking so bad I could hardly type. I wanted to cry but couldn't, scream or something. I felt like all of a sudden I had a different personality. My heart raced for 4 days after that. I never took another after that first one. I've been having heart pounding sensations for days in the last three weeks since taking the Cymbalta. 
4641	9.0	I started this pill 3 weeks ago and it is really working for me. I am much happier and my attacks are gone. The first night I had terrible pains in my stomach but after that night no more problems. I am on 60mgs and the only negative thing I have noticed about it is that if I forget to take it I get a really bad headache in the morning and feel hung over. Overall I love it.
4642	6.0	"I took Cymbalta for 7 weeks for post-partum anxiety/depression. After the initial week of feeling nausea and fatigue, I started to feel better. I stayed on 30 mg, but found after 5 weeks I was having vivid, disturbing dreams, insomnia, sweating, and the anxiety came back. 
I started tapering off, and even at the low dose the withdrawls are quite uncomfortable - after tapering and stopping the drug I still get a buzz/pulse/shock like sensation in my head almost constantly after a week. Great if it helps, but hard to get off!"
4643	10.0	I suffer from medical anxiety.  I first tried Paxil - itched like crazy.  Then lexapro - shook all the time.  Cymbalta has changed my life.  I feel so much better now, and almost back to 'normal' after 5 weeks on the medication.  I have a little insomnia, and have lost a few pounds, but other than that I feel like I'm 30 again, instead of 50!
4644	10.0	Cymbalta (and lots of prayers) saved my marriage.  I'm so thankful that my husband is taking it.
4645	9.0	After years of knowing something was wrong, I went to the doctor and he prescribed Cymbalta. I have been on it for 6 months.  I love it!  I will be married a year in October and my husband and I were already talking divorce until I started Cymbalta.  I did have VERY violent and 'goury' dreams when I took it right before bed.  Now I take it in the morning, my dreams are back to normal.  I am currently taking 60mg, but am going to request to take a lower dosage as I am now starting to experience headaches and nausea.  I feel like I am finally the person I always knew I was and not the bitter, angry, weepy person other people saw.
4646	8.0	"I was on Wellbutrin, Prozac and Zoloft (trying each per my doctors orders, waiting about 6 weeks, repeat with next) for anxiety.  I stopped even trying ""instant"" anti-anxiety drugs (Xanax, Valium) years ago because they ""zombified"" me too much.

Cymbalta is AMAZING.  After about 2 weeks the side effects disappeared entirely.  I can concentrate better, I sleep VERY soundly, and no panic attacks!

For those having insomnia issues... some people here say take it at night.  I had exactly the OPPOSITE experience.  Taking Cymbalta at night/dinner time would make sleep nearly impossible/restless.  Taking it first thing in the morning I get a little tired in the afternoon, but nothing a latte won't fix.  I sleep like a BABY now;  which I haven't done ever."
4647	8.0	For those of you experiencing fatigue, it would make sense to take Cymbalta at night. This is how I have dealt with fatigue with many medications and was also the advice of my doctor. ALSO, for those with side effects that are bothersome, I was advised to give it more than a week because they usually dissipate. Don't stop taking it after only a few days!
4648	7.0	I've been taking this medication for 3 weeks. First week I was on 30 mg, I felt almost immediate relief from my anxiety/depression. The first six days I experienced fatigue and slept 12  hours a day. By 7th day I was sleeping less and feeling more emotionally balanced. Second week, my dosage was increased to 60 mg and the same thing happened. I slept 12  for about 6 days and by the 7th day I felt good and was sleeping normally. I do have some clenching of my jaw and dry mouth, but a glass of water seems to help. I take my medication at the same time every morning after eating and drink lots of water throughout the day. I'm not taking any other drugs.  I've found great relief with Cymbalta. My husband is thrilled with the calmer, happier me. Me too!
4649	9.0	Previously was on Prozac for anxiety and while that worked really really well for 2  years, it sort of stopped working, and nothing helped again until I got on Cymbalta and 1 small dose of clonezapam at night. Now, I'm virtually anxiety free, with just a rare panic attack here and there, treated with other medicines. Cymbalta keeps me pretty even. I'm on the 60mg once daily.
4650	1.0	I've been taking Cymbalta for ten weeks (60mg) per day. If this is as good as it gets, I'd hate to see what it's like without it. I can't tell or feel any effects at all. Not even side effects. 
4651	3.0	I was on Cymbalta for 5 days. It helped my anxiety, but I couldn't handle the side effects: nausea, extreme sleepiness and yawning for the better part of the day, feeling zombie-like, chills, clenching my jaw, headache. I stopped taking it after 5 days, and the withdrawal was terrible. I felt like I'd been hit my a truck: terrible headache and clenching of jaw. And I'd only been on 30 mg for 5 days. Even if I could have tolerated the side effects, I would have been worried about the withdrawal.
4652	9.0	I have been taking Cymbalta for two months. It works great for my anxiety and chronic pain. I feel great, like a new person. The only side effect for me is insomnia. I will be checking back with Doctor on that.
4653	1.0	Many side effects.  I have been trying to ween off this medication for over a month and have been unsuccessful.  I received no benefits from this medication.
4654	3.0	Made me feel better mentally, but the severe diahrrea would not go away.  So, I had to quit.
4655	9.0	I was prescribed Cymbalta over a year ago, after a crippling anxiety attack and I will have to say, it's helped me quite a bit. I was skeptical on taking it, because I had no positive outcomes with Wellbutrin or Zoloft, but this drug helped me with amazing results. The only thing I've found (probably like with any other drug of this type) is that you NEED to take it on a scheduled basis. I have forgotten to take it or not been able to take it until 6 to 8 hours past my regular time and have to spend a few days readjusting to it. The only reason I gave Cymbalta a 9 instead of ten is for that reason and that weaning off this medicine may prove to be difficult.
4656	1.0	This has caused multiple sexual side effects, urinary retention, almost constant hot flashes and sleep problems. It did nothing for my anxiety. There were no benefits to me from this drug.
4657	10.0	Anxiety disorder and panic attacks run in my family.  I have loved this drug - I am a happy, calm, relaxed me.    I am so glad I have this tool to improve my life!
4658	9.0	Weight loss, more energy, much less anxiety and stress, no mood swings. I do feel shaky in the morning and at night and don't sleep quite as soundly.
4659	9.0	I have just started taking the medication and have noticed a considerable change in my mood.  I am not jumpy anymore. The only thing that I don't like about it is the bad taste I get in my mouth and some insomnia.
4660	10.0	Cymbalta is a god send for me and all those people out there who suffer from depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, diabetic nerve damage, fibromyalgia, pain or what ever else it is used for. I myself have s. A. D [social anxiety disorder] and at times depression. I was taking zoloft and I still felt the anxiety so my doctor prescribed cymbalta and it took about a week 2 actually kick in and when it did I felt it and loved it and would recommend this medication to those who are trying to find a way to help them live there life with ease. It's not a cure but it is very helpful as long as you take it when you are supposed to. Cymbalta is the best. Thanks.
4661	6.0	I took Cymbalta for 3 months and it worked great. Then over time it didn't work as well and I quit. I hit rock bottom.
4662	9.0	Have been on cymbalta for a little over 3 months. It has changed my life for the better. My anxiety had gotten to the point that I was hiding in the restroom at work during episodes almost everyday. I am able to communicate what I am thinking more clearly. I don't break out in a sweat if something isn't going the way I think it should. I feel like myself before the panic/anxiety attacks started several years ago. I was dieting when I started taking cymbalta and lost more weight than I had been averaging. Didn't have as much appetite as usual, which wasn't a bad thing. The irritability is gone and I am a lot more pleasant to be around. I am me again.
4663	9.0	I've been taking Cymbalta for anxiety and dysthymia for 3 months.  It is the best medication I have tried in 10 years of treatment.  No weight gain, not as lethargic, and my attitude has been much better towards life in general.  Right now I am on 60mg a day.  I'm not sure if I can go up from here but even if I don't, the way I feel now is better than anything else I have tried including prozac, lexapro, welbutrin and several others. I do have some dry mouth and sweating but it is tolerable.
4664	8.0	I was on Cymbalta for two years.  I had no side effects and it worked really well for my anxiety.  I had no sexual side effects which was great.  I decided to go off of it thinking that I didn't need it anymore.  I thought that I tapered it by taking 20mg for a month.  Once I started taking 20mg every other day it was like experiencing the withdrawal symptoms over again each time.  I finally just stopped taking it and had awful withdrawal symptoms.- more monitoring would have helped.
4665	10.0	I haven't felt this good since childhood. So thankful they make this drug to help with my chronic anxiety. My entire outlook has changed, as well as my concentration.
4666	10.0	I have been on this medication for 1.5yrs &amp; it has been GREAT! Was on Paxil for 3 yrs prior to switching to Cymbalta. It worked in about 3 days and i havent had any abnormal feelings of anxiety since I started this med. I haven't had any side effects from taking it. I had experienced some weight gain from Paxil, but none on Cymbalta. The only thing is that if you miss a dose, your terrible headache will remind u that u forgot to take it! Other than that, it's been great.
4667	10.0	I have extreme OCD and in January when I was relapsing because I stopped my meds cold turkey, I was able to not have any panic attacks because of the Vistaril. I took 100 mg and it took me from being extremely anxious to mildly or moderately anxious. It worked for 4 hours. It did make my memory foggy, but I like it because it’s worked better for me than any benzo. I like it and I strongly recommend it to anyone. Now that my anxiety is under better control because of my new meds, I notice a smaller effect from it. It helps me when I eat too much sugar and my anxiety spikes, to prevent anxiety attacks. I love it!
4668	9.0	I like vistaril. I'm on a myriad of other drugs. I find it funny when people say it is prescription Benadryl. One Benadryl puts me out. If you re looking for the same effect as a benzo... keep moving. It takes the edge off. I do not take it PRN. I take it daily. You just feel relaxed and care less about your problems. I take 100mg 2 Daily. I hope it helps.
4669	10.0	I have bipolar manic depression, extreme anxiety and extreme OCD of hair pulling (trichtotillmania). My psychiatrist prescribed this and 3 other medicines but this is two 25mg 3 times a day. I’ve been on it for 2 weeks and it makes me shake but I haven’t pulled my hair since being on it and have been calmer since being on it. This has been amazing for me. I can’t praise it enough.
4670	8.0	Vistaril works great for me right before bed, takes care of anxiety and allows me to get to sleep easier. Taken it 4 years now no problems.
4671	1.0	Vistaril is nothing but a glorified antihistamine. It did nothing for my anxiety but made me feel....um....uncomfortably high I guess? I was avoiding having to take this (the bottle was sitting in the cabinet) and decided I needed to try one. Well, it didn't do anything. I feel dizzy, drunk and I feel like I am suffering from insane depersonalization. I want to get this out of my system now.
4672	3.0	"My doctor prescribed me  vistaril to relieve anxiety rather than me just drinking alcohol and self medicating.
It seems to take an edge of the anxiety but it doesn't fully alleviate anxiety. Also after taking it for awhile I'm not 100 percent it was the vistaril but I developed what was explained to me to be chronic GERD basically like extreme heart burn all the time 24/7 so now they have me on more medication to treat that."
4673	1.0	Vistaril does absolutely nothing. It doesn't help with anxiety. It only makes you more frustrated that your anxiety is not being treated properly. If your doc prescribes you this, he is not a doctor, he is just wasting your time... unbelievable.
4674	1.0	This didn't do anything for my anxiety, not even make me tired. I feel more anxiety taking them then when I don't use it. Chest tightness, nose running like a river, constant state of anxiety going on.
4675	8.0	I have had anxiety and a panic disorder for most of my adult life. I was on ativan for 15 years and have been on klonopin for 10. When my doctor retires or I lose health insurance coverage I have been prescribed vistaril by family practice doctors that don't like prescribing benzodiazepines. For me it does stop panic attacks and calms me. Also helps with sleeping. The only downside is it is less effective over time unlike klonopin or ativan which never loses its efficacy. It's a nice med to take short term until I find a long term doctor.
4676	3.0	"I was prescribed Vistaril to help with anxiety and sleep following opiate withdrawals. It did little, if anything. Original dose was 50 mg, later raised to 100 mg. It did reduce the crazy sneezing I went through.

I got far better results for sleep from OTC Benedryl and melatonin."
4677	1.0	"All I do is sleep on this medication.
Was on Buspar but that was not controlling my anxiety."
4678	5.0	Vistaril is an ANTIHISTAMINE. it can make you drowsy if you have not taken it before. This is ALL that it MAY have in common with a real anxiety medication. It DOES NOTHING for anxiety unless you are shaking and trembling due to poison ivy or HIVES!!!!! Whoever got the bright idea to try to convince anyone that suffers from real anxiety to use this med for help is risking their patient's life. I take it for chronic hives, and have done so for 45 years.
4679	7.0	I have a severe bipolar, extreme manic depressive, high anxiety, suicidal tendencies and ADHD. I had never taken any medications until recently. I didn't believe anything was wrong. I recently admitted myself to a psychiatric hospital that specializes in chemical dependency and mental illness. I was prescribed Vistaril 50mg every 6hrs as needed. I like this medication a lot. It works quick for me and I've not experienced any issues with making me tired at all and I only use it during the day. But I also have Seroquel 150mg Neurontin two 100mg capsules three times a day and Depakote 500mg 1 in the morning and 2 at bedtime. Vistaril has been great for me.
4680	3.0	I battle depression, anxiety &amp; severe insomnia also allergies. Knocked me out cold &amp; my allergies seemed under control anxiety a little better. Problem I couldn't shake being extremely tired the next day. All I could do was sleep which doesn't help with depression.
4681	2.0	Doesn't do much for my anxiety or promote sleep (I take a dose at bedtime). Vistaril is basically prescription Benadryl.
4682	4.0	I’ve had severe anxiety my whole life but was never put on anything till about 7 months ago. I was also diagnosed with bipolar, so when I’m manic and having a extremely hard time falling asleep this medicine works. But for my anxiety, which it was prescribed for, doesn’t do anything except make me pass out and not want to do anything for days! It also makes me fall asleep at the drop of a dime, for example while driving! This may work for others, but it’s definitely not the pill for me when it comes to anxiety, though for when I need to get some shut eye it works great!
4683	1.0	Worst medication ever. You can't function after you take it and you feel terrible for days after. It's basically benadryl ( a sedating antihistamine). Does nothing for anxiety expect make you feel weird and uncomfortable then puts you to sleep. Another sorry excuse, poor man's anti anxiety med. Stay away. If your doctor prescribes they are an idiot
4684	1.0	Great for unclogging your nose, horrible for anxiety. It made mine bad enough on several occasions that I ended up in the ER. It also gave me dangerously low blood pressure, heart palpitations, hallucinations and an overall terrified feeling. I wouldn't recommend this at all for anxiety.
4685	1.0	Well, what can I say other than vomiting for 8 hours and pooping myself for a day after taking this pill. I need answers
4686	10.0	Works very well. Takes the edge right off
4687	1.0	I have tried so many things for my anxiety...Vistaril for anxiety did not help me personally...I know everyone is different but this did not help me at all. I just started Buspar for my anxiety so I am hoping this helps. But Vistaril did NOTHING... I didn't feel anything it may work for certain people but absolutely nothing happened with my anxiety decreasing ...
4688	10.0	I've struggled with Anxiety my whole life I've tried SSRI and Benzodiapams they SSRI's made me sick and  sluggish and benzos are severely addicting and I refuse to become addicted to something. Vistaril works great for me as you take it longer you won't be very sleepy. I take 10mg at night and only need it at night sometimes in the day and it lasts. I have no panic attacks. Hardly ever. I went from having panic attacks daily to one every once in a while. I love this medication .
4689	1.0	horrible medication! Was given this antihistamine for anxiety, it gave me hallucinations and nightmares about people dying and cartoon animal trying to kill me. The feeling didn't go away the next day. It took me two days to get it out of my system. Worst medication ever!!!!
4690	2.0	"I take 25 mg and it does not work. My Dr has prescribed it for 2 months now and I have told her that it don't work.
I would rather have the xanax back."
4691	8.0	Been on vistaril for a month. Works fine for me. Finally getting a full night sleep. I feel so much better awakening in the morning.
4692	1.0	"I have been suffering from ""AAD"" &amp; Panic Disorder for most of my life. Took my 1st ""classic"" panic attack in the 5th grade!!! I was Finally diagnosed at 23. I'm have been treated with xanax, clonopin and ativan for this awful condition ever since. I am now 43. Because of all the Abuse of these meds though by people that don't need it for anything except to ""get high"" makes me furious!!! Because where I live in N.J.,no kind of doctor wants to prescribe any kind of benzo anymore. It's awful because these meds help so many people. I was just yanked, not weaned, off the xanax and given Vistaril 100mg 3 times a day. This is the Most awful medication I have ever taken In my life!!! I had such horrible S/E's I went to the E.R.!!! TERRIBLE MED!!!"
4693	9.0	"I had some sudden Insomnia problems this winter. Took a while to find out the underlying cause was anxiety. At first since I only thought it was Insomnia, the Ambien I got prescribed didn't work. I was going on 5 days with ONLY an hour of sleep so I visited a Psych. Vistaril worked that night and ever since. At first I took it as needed (2-3/day), then after a couple weeks I was just doing 1 at night for sleep. Crazy dreams similar to Benadryl.  I ran out 3 weeks ago and wanted to see how I would fare. Not good. Just got it prescribed again and looking to jump back into a proper sleep cycle and keep it as a safety stash. It's not 100%, there may be a night here &amp; there, but it felt like a literal life saver rescuing me from 5sleepless days

M/22"
4694	10.0	Amazing. Absolutely give this a chance if you suffer from anxiety. On prozac 20mg daily, ativan as needed, and vistaril. When my anxiety sky rockets and my mind races so fast I don't know what I'm thinking, vistaril has brought my mind and anxiety to a calm state within minutes. Life saving
4695	1.0	Was put on this temporarily for anxiety but it doesn't work for me!! No relief from my anxiety whatsoever and it made me slightly sleepy...I'm not sure why this is even considered anti-anxiety?! It's basically Benadryl!!! I think it's prescribed over other meds because it's not addicting, which is a plus lol
4696	6.0	My mother has cancer. With that she has anxiety. The Dr prescribed her vistaril 25mg. Granted it kinda helps anxiety but it contributes to hallucinations. When I leave her off of it she has anxiety when she takes it, her dreams are vividly real. Weigh your options or decrease dosage but if a loved one is taking this medication before mental diagnosis try replacing or removing this drug for at least 48 hrs.
4697	9.0	I have been on Visitril for a little over a week now and I have to say that it has been an overall therapeutic and positive experience. I was on Lexapro (escitolopram) for almost 3 months and found that the medicine would make me pretty anxious though did level me out during a very rocky time in my life . I chose to start taking Visitril since the lexapro wasn't effective in ways I wanted and now on 50mg to 100 mg a day, I can say that it is easier to be focused on things that I really care about and I can usually notice the subtle change in my body when it stops working (in my stomach primarily) and I'll pop another one and will stay pretty level as long as it is in my system.
4698	9.0	I deal with extreme anxiety in a lot of different scenarios likely rising out of autism.  I'm on about 75mg a day, and I cannot say I have side-effects, other than waking up with a pounding heart for a few hours if I drink too heavily.  I have had such good effects from the drug to the point where I can actually see major differences in how I interact with people and events and almost see a difference in my personality (for the better) over the past several years.  I have recommended Vistaril to several people.
4699	1.0	"I was prescribed 25mg and was advised to take it as needed up to 4 times a day, and still nothing.  I realize that with other medications, you should take it for 4 weeks or so to start to feel a difference, but anxiety medicine should work shortly after taking it, right? Unfortunately when I called my Dr, I had to ""give it time"" even though people anxiety don't really have time. So frustrating. $50 without a coupon just to have the same anxious rage I already had."
4700	2.0	I was prescribed Vistaril 25mg to help relieve tension and was told to take 2 pills so 50mg if I 1 25mg pill didn't work. 50mg didn't really help either. I felt no improvement in how I felt aftetlr taking it. I was told after 30 minutes of taking it I should've felt better but it never happened. After 2 to 3 hours after taking it I felt somewhat relaxed but was more tired than  relax. Vistaril really didn't work out for me.
4701	2.0	It doesn't help at all. Doesn't even make me sleepy, either. Even Zoloft helps with my anxiety more, and Zoloft isn't even marketed specifically to treat anxiety, like Visatril.
4702	1.0	Didn't help my anxiety, just knocked me out.
4703	1.0	I was instructed to take this as needed for anxiety, however, it never helped. Which surprised my providers. I went through multiple doses before I was finally able to stop it and switch to a much more effective medication.
4704	2.0	Made my hair fall out extremely bad. I think this drug made my anxiety worse.
4705	2.0	"I was given Vistaril for anxiety, to be used ""as needed"" for my panic/anxiety attacks, and for me, it did nothing but make me a little sleepy. I know most anti-panic drugs are sedatives, but those generally do more than make you tired. This one just made me tired and freaked out."
4706	9.0	Good experience; have some sleepiness/sluggishness (not sure if related)???
4707	8.0	On a low dose (25mg) but helped with anxiety and depression, i feel much better since ive been on it. helped lower feelings of sadness and anxiety, makes it easier to live life.
4708	9.0	I take 200 mgs at night, it lets me sleep and calms down my mind. It also helps with my eczema and nasal congestion. Warning!!!Do not take this drug if u had or have any heart problems!!!
4709	2.0	It made me very sleepy.  I didn't like feeling so tired.  With other medications for anxiety I had more sense of calmness rather than just feeling loopy and tired.  I won't use it again
4710	1.0	I have just started this med. This is day 3 of taking it and it has not helped with anxiety at all. In some ways it makes it worse. It clouds my head and not being able to think heightens my anxiety. It does although put me to sleep within a couple hours (Zzzquil does that job better though), but the anxiety stays present.
4711	10.0	I have been struggling my entire life with mental health issues that I didn't realize were there. I have extreme anxiety and have always found it so hard to talk to people with out stuttering and feeling stupid. I experimented many different meds Vistaril seriously changed my life. I am so much happier and so much calmer than I've ever been, I feel like a new person.
4712	7.0	This medication coupled with a benzodiazepine is wonderful. It makes your body feel better and is non addicting.
4713	4.0	I was given Vistaril for PTSD/AAD (Acute Anxiety Disorder) and I really don't like it. Initially it helps with anxiety but if I am stressed at all or put in a situation with stress its so much worse than without the medicine. It also makes it really difficult to function normally; I feel like I'm wading through jello and my brain is about 4 seconds behind. We are going to try Xanax at my next visit.
4714	5.0	This med causes me severe headaches and helps with anxiety some but the pain in my head only grows worse each day along with blurred vision and highly increased appetite and dry mouth. Not worth the daily headaches. Using an antihistamine for anxiety and blood pressure meds like clonidine, said to help with my adhd that does nothing for my focus,  is a mixture of insanity. Im over the vistaril after a month of more intense headaches everyday.
4715	1.0	My psych. put me on this yesterday and I took it today for the first time this morning. It made me feel cloudy all day and it made my anxiety worse. Ativan works way better! Never taking Vistaril ever again!
4716	1.0	Vistaril is a horrible medication for anxiety it does absolutely nothing benzos work the best
4717	10.0	"I used to take this medication for panic attacks, and it worked absolute wonders. It took about 30 minutes to kick in but really calmed me down and it wasn't at all addictive. I later found out I have severe hereditary liver problems and it has a bad interaction with what I have to take to keep my liver in check, so I can no longer take it. With the medicines combined I just felt foggy and had to sleep for at least 15 hours if I had to take a vistaril, I couldn't keep my eyes open and function until I'd slept it off.

I'm now trying out Xanax, and I don't really like it, vistaril kept me calm longer and was just amazing when I needed it. With Xanax the half life is just terrible and I end up with a worse panic attack than I began with."
4718	1.0	I have anxiety/panic attacks. Was using Ativan and it was great. Calmed me immediately, didn't make me drowsy or put of it but psychiatrist told me some people's depression gets worse. Mine didn't but she made me switch to Vistaril which does nothing for me. I've tried taking several at a time and still doesn't help. I really wish I could go back to Ativan. Hopefully next appointment she'll let me. I cannot stand feeling like I'm having a heart attack anymore!
4719	10.0	"I have hereditary Depression, Bipolar Type 2, PTSD, High Anxiety, Insomnia, and I am also breast feeding baby #4. (I also suffer from Severe Post Partum Depression beginning late in my pregnancies.) I have been on over 50 combinations of medications.
  (I caution you readers to be leery of reviews by those who prior took addictive medications to Vistaril, as they may have formed a biased addiction to their previous meds.)
  I am currently taking Prozac and Vistaril. My best medication combination when not pregnant or breast feeding was Prozac and Doxepin. The Vistaril is helping so greatly with both my anxiety and insomnia that I am switching permanently! I can even take Vistaril if my anxiety flares, plus it is not addictive! Loving it!!!"
4720	8.0	This stuff is like an OTC version of Benadryl (it's an anti-histamine).  It has been helping me ween off of the Klonopin I've been taking to help me sleep for the last 2 years.  This stuff takes almost an hour to kick in, but when it does, it almost always kills my anxiety at times when benzos didn't.  If you're gonna take it for sleep, take it at least an hour before you plan on going to bed and make sure you have 8 to 9 hours to sleep because it will knock you out.  Grogginess is it's biggest negative, along with tolerance building up fast, so I try to take every other day if I can, though it's non-addictive and safe to take regularly at least far safer than a benzo.
4721	5.0	"Have been on Xanax since I lost my brother. I was thirty-nine. It helped with grieving, especially while working. Through the years I've been prescribed Xanax for sleeping .25. Through the years I've developed Fibromyalsia which one symtom is sound, refreshing sleep. After consulting specialists and pain mgt, the decision was use Xanax along with Prozac to get to sleep and stay asleep. Now , after I moved I went to a new dr who refuses to prescribe Xanax. He used the term I am too ""old"" to keep taking Xanax. Worked fine for many years, now he is changing my mode of life. Today he prescribed vistaril. Will see tonight if I can sleep. He initially cut the Xanax I was using by 2/3. I was prescribed take 3 -.25 mg at bedtime. Hope it works!"
4722	2.0	This stuff is useless. I keep it around because it does wonders for my hay-fever. As to anxiety I'll stick with serax or xanax.
4723	1.0	I have bad anxiety, did not work at all for me, been on buspar, trazadone, xanax, and klonopin. Xanax and klonopin work best.
4724	2.0	Still have anxiety, but my nose has stopped running.
4725	7.0	For anyone taking this medication, do not take it with any kind of antidepressants or mood medication like Celexa, zoloft, tegretol, Xanax, or abilify. Definitely do not take it with ambien. It works wonders by itself, I've been on it since 2005 it helps with the anxiety symptoms I get from my PTSD. Anytime I feel disoriented or way to anxious where I'm throwing up, it usually takes about 30 to 40 minutes to work. But it's better than the feeling of thinking that you are having a heart attack, because it's just panic. Panic attacks can be managed many ways I use breathing techniques, (child breathing will not work lol) meditation, and medication. This is how I deal with that small aspect of my PTSD psychosis.
4726	1.0	I was given vistaril.  It did nothing for my anxiety. I've been taking it for about 7 months. It hasn't done a thing for for. I took 50mgs four times a day. I hate this medication. I was on klonopin which I took for 24 yrs. I went through a lot of withdrawal. Overall not a good medication.
4727	1.0	Did nothing for the anxiety I have. It hepled a titch with the insomnia if I took the maximum dose for the day, but even then if I couldn't sleep when it hit then good luck: would be left feeling odd ,kinda out of it, which made me feel anxious.  I stopped taking it after Dr doubled the dose to no improvement.
4728	5.0	This med. is a double edge sword. My Dr. prescribed VISTARIL for my anxiety. It took 3 weeks to wean off Clonopin----never stop cold turkey. By the 3rd. week I was only on Vistaril. At 4 weeks the Vistaril was working better than anything I have EVER taken for acute anxiety. I was truly amazed and happy. So why did I only give it a 5 rating ? ? ? A DRAMATIC increase in appetite and a even more DRAMATIC weight gain. 13 pounds in one month. As good as Vistaril works I am going to have to go off of it. In 15 years I have gained no weight and I have not experienced hunger like this in my life. So, I will ween off,  then work like crazy to shed this weight...not looking forward to that.  I am sad :(
4729	4.0	Well, I started this medication at 50 mg, 4 times daily as needed. The only time I noticed that it helped or worked, was the first time I took it. All it does is sedate me extremely.
4730	8.0	I suffer from Anxiety, Depression, and Alcoholism (in recovery). I've been using Vistaril at 50 mg. three times per day for about 6 months now. I find it works well in combination with with Neurontin (Gabapentin). I like that the drug is non-addictive and available as a generic with little cost. I get a stuffy nose intermittently, that I believe to be a side effect of Vistatil, but the benefit outweighs this minor side effect. I would recommend trying this drug if you suffer from anxiety. It works very well for me.
4731	1.0	I have had high anxiety disorder for as long as I can remember...I have taken many things for it and the only relief I get from it when it is unmanageable by meditation is ativan...I was recently prescribed vistaril and after 8 days and serious side effects have stopped taking it.  I have arythmias and this medication made them worse. I would not recommend this for a gone with any kind of heart issues.. .bad drug
4732	9.0	I have terrible anxiety coupled with really bad tactile disturbances that make me feel like I just want to crawl out of my skin or slough it like a snake. My entire body, including eyes, felt like it was so dry and flakey I couldn't handle it. This med helps so much with that and now I am at least comfortable in my skin even when my anxiety is at its worst.
4733	7.0	"This is great for general anxiety. Calms you down fairly quickly and makes you ""zoned out"", mildly sedated and definitely less anxious. Not as strong as a benzo and will not stop a panic attack, but is great for when you are feeling panicky or generally anxious. Another plus is that it is not addictive. Absolutely no withdrawal symptoms whatsoever. This DEFINITELY raises my resting pulse about 15 beats per minute and also raises diastolic blood pressure about 10 points even at a small dose. Even with these raises, mine is still within normal range, but just a word of caution."
4734	10.0	I just started this medication yesterday. I was extremely doubtful since I've tried xanex, clonapin, and valium. However, I was at the point that I was willing to try anything. Took my first dose around 6pm and I was truly impressed. So I think it works alot better for my anxiety than any benzos ever did. For weeks I've been feeling like I was about to crawl out of my skin. Lots of medical issues, high blood pressure. I'm in telephone sales and its not ideal for those with similar medical problems. Now I feel great. Excited to go to work tomorrow. This is coming from someone who thought only benzos helped. If your doctor gives it to you, try it, it works. I take less than what others say they take and I still stand by it.
4735	7.0	This is not a miracle worker. But it does greatly improve my GAD and social anxiety. Its does mildly sedate me. I take it every day. Usually take about 100 mg a day in divided doses.
4736	8.0	I had anxiety that I consider inexpressible. It was as bad as it can get. I took Xanax and it amplified my depression substantially, which increased my anxiety. Seeking a long term treatment rather than an addictive short term relief, I was prescribed Vistaril 50mg. This is a drug similar to Benadryl, but a bit stronger. It is nonaddictive, and DOES fight the anxiety without the side effects of Ativan/Xanax. This WILL NOT kill the anxiety alone. You must be on an SSRI such as Lexapro for this drug to fully combat GAD. I urge everyone to try this drug. There are no risks, and it may help you.
4737	1.0	I was recommended to switch from xanax to vistaril, but the vistaril did not help with my anxiety at all.  I became extremely irritable (probably from the increased anxiety not being treated with xanax anymore).  I did not notice any positive effects even after taking it for a month.  I was told this medication was fast acting for panic attacks like xanax, but they did not help with the panic attacks in the least bit.  I highly recommend that if you have severe debilitating anxiety to not even try this drug based on what I went through.
4738	9.0	I have been on Vistaril for about a year now and it has helped my anxiety greatly. Not to mention no side effects at all. It also helps greatly with itching and extreme tension. I am taking 200 mg per day in two divided doses.  I am very happy with this medication.
4739	9.0	Of the non-benzodiazepeine anti-anxiety agents, Vistaril is my first choice. Vistaril seperates itself from the others by rapidly inducing a pleasant &amp; warm feeling. By comparison, things like Compazine and clonidine are much colder and more harsh in side effects. Although Vistaril is gentle &amp; easy going for the first hour or so, a strong drowsiness will come on by Hour #2. But overall I'd still rank it as a side-effect-free type of medicine, when compared to other non-benzo anxiolytics.
4740	1.0	It worked for a while then it stopped working a few months later
4741	8.0	It has helped me to relax and not have as much anxiety.
4742	10.0	I'm glad I was prescribed Vistaril. It relives anxiety quickly without all the downsides of Klonopin or Xanax. The drowsiness is more pronounced, but I'll take it over a panic attack. This seems like a good medicine to take as needed. Be careful driving, and remember to rely on natural coping skills as well. To the people experiencing an abnormal amount of drowsiness or nausea, just remember it's temporary. It was totally effective for me, and my anxiety is moderate.
4743	9.0	Every time I think I don't need this medicine I always go back to it. Now I found that with the Celexa it does not work as well.
4744	8.0	I am 34/Female with marked panic attacks. I have health /doctor office anxiety. I have to say Vistaril has done wonders for me. It seemed to take a few weeks before I could really feel it's effects though. I have to keep a small amount in my system before it helps with a panic attack. I can take 1-2 25 mg pills 3 X a day as needed for anxiety. I usually take 1/2 of a 25 mg pill twice a day. When I feel an attack starting, I take another 1 to 1 1/2 pills. It stops the attack quickly. I feel like I've got my life back some, &amp; it feels like a safety blanket. It does dry my mouth out though &amp; I only recommend it for marked anxiety. I do not have any depression.
4745	9.0	High anxiety-25mg helped within 45 minutes!
4746	3.0	Even at massive doses of 200 mg I still didn't feel any relief at all from this. Benadryl or Unisom would be a better option to take for anxiety. 
4747	4.0	I was pretty disappointed by Vistaril. I asked my psychiatrist about it hoping it helps in addition with the Zoloft I was taking to cure my itchiness, anxiety, sedation, and allergies. The only thing I saw improve were my allergies, and not by much. Yes I have only been on Vistaril 12 days, but still I was disappointed with the results. One Benadryl and one Zyrtec a night was more helpful than this. Oh well I guess I'll have to keep looking.
4748	1.0	This stuff was the pits.  A half hour after I took my first pill, I was falling asleep.  The tiredness became extremely intense.  I had to cancel my plans for the evening and lay down.  I was so crazy exhausted that I became anxious.  I asked my prescriber for antianxiety medication.  I have mild anxiety that makes me uncomfortable. This stuff just made me worse than a couch potato.  Several hours later I got intestinal cramps.  Then I started throwing up. 
4749	8.0	I was prescribed Vistaril for bad panic attacks, as needed. I was put on Celexa, and less than an hour after taking it, I felt extreme fear and had the worst panic attack I've ever experienced. I called my doctor immediately and was told to go ahead and take the Vistaril. It calmed me down in less than 15 minutes. It did however, make me so drowsy that I found it impossible to stay awake. Thank goodness I have it on hand for my next attempt with Wellbutrin.
4750	10.0	My experience with it.  The medicine works great for itch relief (pruritis) and anxiety.  I have Graves Disease, this was to treat anxiety temporarily after thyroid storm.  The problem I had with it was it made me to doped feeling to function normally.  I stayed tired and experienced grumpiness and lack of patience.  I've taken Xanax, and Elavil before and definitely was able to work, socialize normally unlike this medicine, there is no way I can take it every four to six hours and function throughout the day. I've never been one to tolerate antihistamines very well, I get the shakes etc., and  experienced the same with the Vistaril.  All that aside, at night it did help me sleep, help the anxiety as it's supposed too.
4751	8.0	While this medicine is no where near as strong Klonopin or Xanax for my anxiety, I have found that taking a 50mg Vistaril does just enough to take the edge off.
4752	7.0	I took a 25 mg dose of this medicine for the first time last night. It took about 45 minutes to an hour before it made me sleepy although I was calmed within 15 minutes. I slept great-I usually wake up around 2am every night, but not last night. I slept until 9:30am which is rare for me. I did feel like a zombie for about an hour or 2 after I got up, but I didn't have any panic feelings during the day. I didn't feel 100% normal, but this was a pretty good start. I'm hopeful that the sleepiness is a transient effect and that some of my other physical symptoms go completely away.
4753	10.0	I took this medicine for the first time and I ended up dreaming a very romantic dream. It helps me with my panic/anxiety attacks, I would like to figure out what triggers my freaking out. Never Drive when You take Vistaril. It mellows You Out. Thank You.
4754	9.0	I would like to say that I have taken all the big medicines for my depression and Anxiety, Panic and to be truthful this medicine has worked for me. I had issues with a lot of things and getting mad and wanting to argue all the time and just could not deal with feeling that way and I have always had great out look on life even if life was horrific. Since I have been on this medicine it has helped, yes the medicine wants you to sleep more and sometimes you feel groggy but I notice if I start taking it in the evening and close to bedtime it works best. Just don't take it when you get up or in the afternoon because it will make you drowsy. I would say if you have some of the problems that the rest of us do I would say it would not hurt to try it.
4755	9.0	"I suffer from Anxiety, Major Depression &amp; Insomnia
I'm taking Vistaril for the Anxiety I'm on 50MG 4 times a day when reading most of you said it made you pretty sleepy... I feel normal for the first time in 40 yrs like maybe I can have a life now...  My experience so far has been a great one :o)  I DON'T GET Drowsy At All LIKE I SAID THIS IS THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE I FEEL 100% Normal... I take two Seroquel 100MG in the AM For Major Depression... That doesn't make me Drowsy at all when I read about Vistaril and Seroquel people say they are drowsy and lethargic Not ME I Feel Great!!! I Also take Seroquel 300MG at Bedtime along with 30MG Restoril at Bedtime... The only side effects I have is movements in my neck &amp; the chills Yep that's it."
4756	1.0	My first review on here. Prescribed 25mg to be taken during an anxiety attack. Took it twice, once at night and once during a morning spell. It didn't do anything good but it didn't do anything bad either. From the rest of the reviews, it looks like it either works great or not at all. There doesn't seem to be much harm in trying.
4757	10.0	"Started Vistaril 25mg last night at 10pm.  I watched some T.V then went to sleep. No anxiety and no unpleasant side effects. Today I've taken another 25mg.  Didn't feel any need to take my Ativan.  But due to being on 4mg a day for years, I did take one just to be on the safe side and not seize or anything. My experience so far has been a good one. And I hope to continue to slowly come down on my Ativan use.
My meds: Lexapro 5mg taperd down from 10mg. Ativan 1mg 4x daily. Fioricet when needed and now Vistaril 25mg every 6 hours when needed."
4758	1.0	I have used Xanax for the past 15 years for severe anxiety and panic attacks...recently my doctor wanted me to try Vistaril in stead..it does NOTHING for my symptoms...going to go back to what I know works! 
4759	10.0	I am bipolar and take Celexa and Abilify. My doctor added Vistaril for my anxiety and panic attacks and so far the Vistaril did the trick. I feel human again and not flying all over the place since the Vistaril was added and I haven't had a panic attack for 3 weeks... Hurray for Vistaril.
4760	8.0	"I have been taking 25 mg of Vistaril once per day for about the past month. I take it at night. I have depression and anxiety pretty bad with the anxiety being the stronger
of the two issues. I can't handle stress very well at all either. I am taking 40mg of Prozac a day also. The Vistaril at first, made me drowsy and lethargic. It took me about a week to adjust. Now I feel much better. I can sleep at night and feel decent when I wake up. It's not perfect but I am not getting any side effects and it's improved my life. I would recommend trying it but I would only take at night and do not drive after taking it until you get used to it."
4761	8.0	It doesn't eliminate all of the anxiety, but it takes the big edge off, enough for you to calm down on your own.
4762	10.0	I have been on Vistaril for several weeks. I have a bad anxiety disorder that gave me panic attacks and makes me shake. My best experience was with this medicine.
4763	10.0	I was having a horrible withdrawal from Cymbalta and was determined to get off it! After my docs only answer was take Ativan (which made me extremely zombified). After two trips to the ER they recommended Vistaril and it calmed the brain zaps, disorientation and extreme confusion. It's been a huge help!
4764	7.0	I have weened off of Effexor 150mg and 75 mg over the past 3 weeks. I started Cymbalta 30 mg 2 days ago and was still have horrible adverse effects coming off of the Effexor. Effexor worked great for my anxiety and severe PMDD, but was making me extremely sluggish. I have also had chronic back pain for the past 7 years and my doctor wanted to switch me to Cymbalta. Well, the transition/withdrawal has been terrible. A lot if crying and panicking for no reason, crawling skin, etc. I took one Vistaril, and found it very helpful.  My Dr. has prescribed Vistaril 25-50 mg every 6 hours as needed. Has been a God send to help my anxiety during this transition. It also has been very helpful for my sons anxiety as well.
4765	8.0	"My doctor had prescribed this for me because my anxiety ramps up when I'm trying to sleep. He started me out at 25 mg/day. While on it, I would sleep 16 hours, be a zombie for the 8 I was awake, and have really trippy dreams and terrifying nightmares - both of which felt 100% real and some of them I had to ask if they happened. I was cut back to 12.5 mg/day and I'm only sleeping 12 hours and groggy for four. I still have weird dreams, but they don't seem completely real as often.

I have not been on it long enough for my body to adjust, so this may lessen as time goes on.

It does help with the anxiety and panic attacks, although I won't drive after I've taken it so I can only take it at home."
4766	10.0	"After having surgery on my wrist, my mother suggested to the doctor to give me something to take the edge off of pain in between doses of hydrocodone.  I was given Vistaril (25mg) and told to take as needed for pain with my other meds and that I could take 1-2 of them within every 4 hours or so.  The doc also said it should tame down some stomach issue with the pain medicine (it did).
I noticed not only were they helping me with the pain but I felt relief from some of the anxiety of being out of work &amp; just not being able to function well without the use of my right arm.  I asked him about this at my next visit &amp; he said indeed it was known for help with that and that was in fact part of the reason he added it for me.
No side effects for me."
4767	8.0	Take as directed x amount x times a day. Has helped me BETTER than Ativan. Also am on Prozac 20 mg a day.
4768	6.0	Worked while I was in-patient but wasn't offered it once I left. Did make me groggy but helped take the focus off the physical symptoms of anxiety.
4769	3.0	It calms me down a little bit, but it makes me drowsy more than anything.
4770	9.0	Really helped with anxiety at night and getting a good nights sleep, also seems to have cleared up cluster headaches I have had for years!
4771	9.0	I have been on Xanax 3 times a day for years. Recently my blood pressure has been high and my BP medicine alone was not working but when I take Vistaril and metoprolol twice a day and my Xanax as I've been doing it definitely helps my blood pressure and anxiety!
4772	9.0	I had severe anxiety, panic attacks...I worry all the time about everything, causing my blood pressure to skyrocket. I had been on blood pressure pills for 2 months but still having a heavy pressure in my chest/throat area, causing me to think I was having a heart attack.  Doctor prescribed Vistaril 25mg x 2 day for anxiety.  This helps me tremendously and I only have to take it once a day.  Hope this helps answer some questions someone might have.
4773	8.0	I have been on 20mg of Lexapro and 0.5mg of Xanax for about 4 years. It wasn't until last year I have been vomiting for no reason every morning even if I wasn't doing anything. After avoiding food and drinks nothing helped so I talked to my doctor and he got me set up on this medicine. I've never heard of it but for the past week I haven't thrown up since. I figured it was do to my anxiety when nothing helped and no I'm not pregnant I'm a male. Only downside for me is the drowsiness which like my other pills my body needs to get used to it first before I can actually function. All in all this medicine kept me from throwing up for about a week and I'm happy for that.
4774	2.0	It worked when I was in the mental hospital but not in the real world.
4775	2.0	Made me very tired and sedated, slowed heart beat and felt like I forgot to breath. I took one 50mg pill and it didn't kick in for 45 mins. I'd rather take a 1mg Xanax for my panic attacks. Woke up in the morning extremely tired and foggy.
4776	8.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder. I had only been on Buspar before and it gave me horrible side effects. What I find with Vistaril is that it takes the edge off my anxiety, which means I can actually relax now sometimes the anxiety is not as chronic when I'm on it. I can handle high-stress situations better now, too, because the medicine makes it manageable and diminishes the physical symptoms of anxiety. It's been especially helpful in combination with therapy. And no side effects! Although it's not as effective when I start to feel panic symptoms, it has kept me from having full-blown panic attacks on multiple occasions.
4777	10.0	"I have been taking Vistaril for the last 6 months. I use it for anxiety and trouble sleeping. It calms me down with no side effects, and when I take it in the evening for sleep I wake up feeling good. I've taken multiple drugs for sleep including, Restoril, trazadone, and Ambien. All of those caused me to have the ""sleep hangover"". I would have trouble waking up and would spend the whole day feeling as if the medications just wouldn't leave my system. Vistaril is the best medication I've found for anxiety and sleep. It allows me to take a few lower doses during the day and a higher dose at night to sleep. Highly recommended."
4778	10.0	"I recommend taking as prescribed, and the bottle usually says ""take X amount every X hours"". I think that having a steady stream of any medication is the only way to have it work. This medication's only side effect I have found is almost exactly like when one takes Benadryl, and only when you are first starting out on it. I am used to it now after 3 weeks and the only effect I notice is that my hands no longer shake and my mind is at ease. Much better and smoother than other meds like Xanax or Tramadol or Klonopin, etc., etc. "
4779	7.0	I was on this medicine for a year and it worked very well. But I now feel I need a higher dose.
4780	1.0	I am on Viibryd for depression and my doctor gave me Vistaril for some tension and anxiety. The first time I took it I felt ok until that night! I had so many weird dreams that I could not tell if I was awake or still sleeping! Then that morning I could NOT wake up for nothing. When I did get out of the bed I kept passing out and felt very lost and out of it. I know that medicine affects everyone different, this just isn't for me.
4781	9.0	It gets rid of the anxiety but mostly because it knocks me out. One pill makes me sleepy for 2 days.
4782	10.0	I have severe anxiety, agoraphobia and OCD. I am taking 50mg of the Vistaril along with 1mg of Xanax 4 times a day and I haven't felt this good since I was a kid. I love it and more importantly, I am able to live a normal life! It's a life saver in my opinion.
4783	8.0	I have moderate to severe anxiety associated with a very unhealthy self-esteem. It is a terrible thing because I am generally a very rational person. As a result, I have extreme difficulty telling someone how I feel and of hurting another person's feelings. (I would never want another person to suffer the way I do). My symptoms usually begin with increased heart rate, difficulty breathing, nausea and pain in the chest/throat area, hyperventilation which will sometimes throw me into panic mode and extreme negative thinking that I am unable to deviate from. I was prescribed Vistaril 25mg up to 4 times daily as needed. I how found it very effective so far for immediate relief but it does cause drowsiness.
4784	6.0	I'm on SSD because of severe Social Anxiety Disorder, Bi-polar Disorder II with panic, and OCD.  I've run the gamut with benzos and frankly, am better off without them.  They're too addicting.  Vistaril is a nice alternative.  It's milder and is about 75% as effective as say, Klonopin or Ativan.  It works for me.
4785	7.0	I've been taking this medicine for sometime now, and it helps out a little with the anxiety and all. I'm on 50 mg 4 times a day, but I usually just double up the dose, and take it twice a day. I was on it for several years sometime a while back, and when I came off it, it was just awful for the people around me. 
4786	2.0	This medicine only stops the physical effects of my anxiety but mentally I'm still suffering. So I'm still suffering greatly only this time no one notices, which is alright I guess. It's not for me. But everyone reacts differently so if you need to, try it out and see if it works for you. Good luck.
4787	1.0	I've been using Vistaril for over a year now, went up from 25mg once to 4 times a day, I have to take 2-3 for it to work for ONE panic attack, considering I'm in school, this is very bad because it makes me fall asleep in school or driving on the way home. For me this medicine is very ineffective.
4788	9.0	I have generalized anxiety with agoraphobia. I hadn't had an anxiety attack in awhile and hadn't taken medicines for awhile until a few weeks ago when I attempted going to the mall and had a major panic attack. I went to the doctor and she put me on Vistaril. I used to take Xanax but was left feeling loopy and very tired unable to function. Vistaril works very well for me without that drugged feeling and I don't have to worry about becoming addicted. I love it and would recommend trying it before other medication.
4789	7.0	I have take 25mg twice a day or once a day with good relief. Twice a day is better. As soon as I stop it I get slight panic, but I also feel like I'm not able to concentrate when people are talking. It's a strange feeling and then I get pain in my left ribs, under my arms and left upper back. Then I wonder if I'm going to faint or have a heart attack. It's a constant roller-coaster of high and low adrenaline. A small dose of beta blocker worked well for anxiety, but when you are sick, you need a little adrenaline to combat inflammation. It's an awful balancing act.
4790	8.0	I take Vistaril for anxiety and it helps a lot. It does make me tired, but that's okay because I also have trouble sleeping due to the anxiety.
4791	8.0	I do feel like this medicine calms me, without any side effects whatsoever. Not for someone looking for a mood change like with benzodiazepines (Xanax, Klonopin). I love that it doesn't make me tired or loopy feeling. That said, my anxiety is not as bad as some people have it, so maybe  this is not strong enough for others. No withdrawal or addictive qualities make it definitely worth trying before going to something stronger, though.
4792	10.0	I take 200mg a day and find that it helps great with my anxiety. I've taken benzodiazepines and they weren't as helpful. This really is a great medicine.
4793	8.0	I have been taking Vistaril for 3 years. It really as helped my stress level go down.
4794	1.0	I have Chronic Anxiety associated with PTSD and chronic panic attacks. I was given this for about 4 months with no effect on my panic whatsoever. I had a doctor that was dead set against Benzodiazapines and she later put me on BuSpar for 8 months which was also worthless.  I have switched doctors and am currently on 0.5mg of Xanax 2 x day and it takes care of all my symptoms. 
4795	1.0	I get really bad panic attacks and suffer from panic disorder with agoraphobia.  My doctor tries to steer away from benzos because of the addiction factor, which is understandable.  However, Vistaril has done nothing for me.  It's as if I'm taking sugar pills.  If I'm suffering from an exceptionally bad panic attack, I still have to be taken to the E.R. where they give me benzos anyway.
4796	3.0	I've been taking Vistaril 25 mg for 3 weeks and it has not helped me what so ever. At first I felt a little less nervous but when I had to go to an assembly it kicked right back up! Now I'm getting ready to get on Lexapro. Hopefully this drug works for me.
4797	4.0	I don't think it works all that great. I don't feel any side effects.
4798	7.0	It works really well for panic and anxiety although it seems like if I take enough of it to get rid of the panic feeling, then I feel depressed. I think benzodiazepines do a better job, but it's nice to have a non-addictive alternative.
4799	7.0	I have PTSD with flashbacks/anxiety and don't want to take benzodiazepines because I'm also an addict.  While Vistaril doesn't work quite as well, it does help and I feel better about taking it.
4800	9.0	The pill really works when you have the right dosage.
4801	8.0	I have extreme anxiety attacks that make it hard for me to breathe, which makes the oxygen levels in my brain go down. I have found that it helps me calm down to the point where I can rationalize the stress and anxiety that is causing the attack. I also find that when I am nauseous it helps me not vomit.
4802	8.0	I started taking Lexapro a month ago. I felt it working right away, which I was told I wouldn't feel anything for 4-6 weeks. I always had non stop leg shaking and my jaw would clench tight for the first week. Forget about sex!! ughhh  that is why I am giving an 8, but I am just happy I don't have to cry every night over a box of crayons or be unfocused because the anxiety was so high.
4803	8.0	I have tried this before and found some relief.  The only thing that I don't like about it is that it blunts my emotions.
4804	8.0	I've battled anxiety for 40 years and finally went on 10 mg lexapro.  It works fantastic for me and after 9 months I weaned myself to 5mg a day.  That was a mistake I had panic attacks more anxiety and so went back to 10mg today.  I don't think I can ever stop taking it.
4805	9.0	"I wanted to share my positive experience with you. 
I started taking Lexapro about 6 weeks ago. My anxiety months ago started to get away from me due to a family stress event. I have dealt with anxiety in the past so it’s not new for me but this time it was getting out of control. 
My worries were non stop and sleep wasn’t happening. 
So I started Lexapro beginning of April. By the 3 rd week I was getting good relief from my anxiety.  By week 6 I was back to me. :)
So hang in there. It takes time but it worked for me. And I very much hope it works for you. 
Anxiety is debilitating. And hard for others to understand. 
Good luck everyone.  And say some prayers too. That will get you through. ❤️"
4806	10.0	"I have struggled with anxiety, fears/phobias and bad thoughts creeping into my head, especially at night.  Despite regular counselling and self help, I was still struggling and without sleeping well, I was having a hard time functioning. I went to my dr and he prescribed me Escitalopram.  I started out on 5mg for a week, then went to 10mg.  I felt extremely tired at first, at around 3pm, but I actually enjoyed it as I was relaxed for once!
I take the pill first thing in the morning, with my coffee, and dont feel any side effects, ie stomachs upset, dizziness.  

A month in, I was starting to feel some symptoms of anxiety creep back in, so I was recommended to go to 20mg. Since then, I feel way more in control of my emotions, fears/phobias, etc.  It hasn’t gone away, but it somehow feels further away, and manageable.  Great experience for me."
4807	1.0	"I took Lexapro for 11 years. I started out taking 10 mg, for the first 5 years then the Doctor pumped it up to 20 mg daily.  I broke out in a rash that I could see on my stomach ,arms, and neck. I also got dermatitis on my scalp. I suffered nausea and gained 50 pounds. I went through all this because I had 2 panic attacks in my late 40s. I  decided to tapper off Lexapro to see how I felt without a antidepressant to get me through the day. Believe me, it’s been hard! The side effects on going off this drug has been the most worst thing I have ever gone through. I ended up in the emergency room feeling like I was dying. 
I am still dealing with the effects of withdrawal symptoms but I would never take Lexapro again !"
4808	5.0	If you have Bipolar, mania or any kind of mood shifting disorder, do NOT take lexapro. It can work well for most but NOT if you have a mood disorder.
4809	8.0	I have been smoking marijuana for almost 10 years until recently  when I knew that was causing me more anxiety and depression. So I broke down to my doctor and told her my head isn’t right, that I messed with it for too many years. The first week of Lexapro I felt the affects right away. What a difference honestly I felt normal and could take on anything. I do believe in lifestyle change: I started 3 months ago to lose weight and I have lost 10 lbs so far. That’s because I pushed myself but was still miserable. It really is reprogramming your mind, but with the THC withdrawals Lexapro definitely saved me. Eventually I would like to get off it but it’s saving me a lot of trouble with suffering. Plus, it’s giving me so much confidence and NO more social anxiety. It’s hard to say if I really do have generalized anxiety because I abused THC for a decade but right now, this medication really does help with everything else I’m doing to change my life. I’m on a low dosage of 5 mg which I feel is enough.
4810	4.0	I went on Lexapro last year for mood swings and general anxiety, bad PMDD. Initially, I thought this medication was amazing, took away all of my anxiety BUT it also removes inhibitions. I came off of it after a year due to gradual weight gain but in hindsight, this medication caused me more problems than weight. It also caused in me some reckless behaviour that I now regret. Nothing that I cannot now fix and forgive myself but be careful. I was not myself on this drug and it could have cost me a lot.
4811	10.0	Hi, I suffered from anxiety for years for no particular reason. It was very difficult for me to open up to family and friends to speak about it as I was afraid of what people would think / say / how they would look at me after. I finally picked up the courage to get some help and started with escitalopram. I started on 5mg for 7 days then the 10 mg pill daily afterwards. The first three weeks definitely took getting used to as I felt quite bad at times. After that, the meds started to help week after week I could see myself progressing. I have been on the meds for 9 months now and I can honestly say it feels so amazing to have my life back. I feel like my old self again, enjoying everyday pleasures with no more anxiety. I had fairly low libido before the meds as I was feeling bad however I am only now starting to get my old sex drive back (which is awesome :)). For me, This medication gave me my life back. Highly recommend.
4812	9.0	"This site has got me through the most traumatising few weeks of my life. Anxiety/ intrusive thoughts leading to depression after a really bad viral infection. I’ve always had anxiety but I wasn’t aware how ill you could get or how many physical effects you could have.
The instrusive thoughts terrified me beyond belief and send me to the doctors. He put me on 5mg and I’ve been on this now for nearly 5 week.
I’m slowly getting my life back. Hopefully as I increase things will get better. 
The first 2 weeks were horrendous for me. Everything got 10x worse but I’ve started to feel better each day. 
Try not to lose faith in this medication because it will get bad before better. 
I’m still having bad days but they are getting less and less."
4813	9.0	"Had severe depression and anxiety for a month that hit me like a ton of bricks in civil litigation with a sociopath who suddenly seemed to me to be on a sure path of bankrupting me eventually. 
First two months on Lexapro had little effect.    Could barely bring myself to work with my lawyers.  Driving more than a few blocks was a mountain to climb, as was social interaction, even visits with relatives.  Dosage increased from 10 to 20mg after a couple months when it did not seem to be working.  Dropped a prescribed companion sedative that was causing me to sleep until noon. Now, after 4 month on Lexapro am back to nearly normal activities, feel the future can be positive, traveling to see relatives and friends.  The first two+ months were tough, but combined with professional counselling,  a lifesaver. And that sociopath is being successfully challenged."
4814	9.0	Just go for this medicine don't think that you are like others ...anxiety and depression are chemical imbalances of brain and this is true. Do some therapy also but medication is important ..and one thing more your time is important too.. Cheers  :)
4815	10.0	The best medication I found for long term anxiety management. Least amount of side effects, (dosage dependent), and fastest acting. Used klonopin to manage short term while lexapro ramped up then tapered off klonopin. After years of use have found minimum dose required to control anxiety. Best to start low dose...too much of an SSRI can increase anxiety.
4816	1.0	I started lexapro and on the 5th day I woke up wide awake. This has never happened to me and I felt so different. I get weirded out and got up to grab some water. On my way, I feel a cold sweat and my body goes completely paralyzed. I felt a fear I didn't know I was capable of feeling. I try to scream but my vocal cords are paralyzed. I wait for death, completely terrified. Then my ears start ringing and I slowly get all my senses back. I am able to breathe again and start to hyperventilate from the panic. I was exhausted after that. I got in to see my doctor ASAP. I fell asleep in the waiting room and I can normally barely fall asleep in my own bed. He told me it doesn't even do anything in the first week and was all a placebo effect and gets upset with me because I didn't want to continue it. I don't think there's appropriate education being placed on these towards medical professionals. I realize they can help but there seems to be complete denial about adverse effects.
4817	10.0	Like you, you're reaching out for hope because you're going through one of the most horrible experiences in your life. But anxiety always passes, and lexapro helps your mind heal and recover. I had bad anxiety before that turned into anxiety disorder (afraid of anxiety itself). Just know that this is your mind tricking you and you have to learn no longer to be afraid of it. Lexapro will help you break the cycle and get you out of the hole quicker. Side effects were at their peak for the first two weeks, with even sometimes worse anxiety, but each day gets better.  Sexual side effects subsided as well after the first 2-3 weeks as most are psychosomatic. Just try to remember your mind wants to calm down and its only temporary. I have been through hell and made it out the other end to see the light - just give it time and patience, it will pass and Lexapro helps.
4818	9.0	This drug has helped me so much with my anxiety. I was not able to even go to work or talk to people at all. I was very depressed because of this. After being on this drug for about 3 months now I am feeling such a difference. I haven’t missed any work, I am excited to go every day, I talk to people, have made new friends, gone out with people. I would recommend this drug to anyone who is experiencing severe anxiety that is accompanied with nausea and vomiting. I have no experienced any anxiety symptoms for about a month now. No side effects from this drug either.
4819	8.0	"I started taking escitalopram initially with 5mg/day with 20 mg propranolol (INDERAL).
-experienced an intense panic attack after five hours of taking medication on day 1.
-inability to achieve orgasms and delayed ejaculation.
-short term memory affected.

dose after a month: lexapro 10 mg/day and 40 mg inderal/day. 
-I yawned a lot.
-I also experienced pulsating and blurry vision and also randomly, a ""small rainbow dot"" in the center. 
-front-left side headache (occasional)
-Weird dreams and poor short-term memory. I forget things. 
-Feel fatigued all the time.
-The anorgasmia and delayed ejaculation has gone
-Social anxiety, significantly reduced. 
I remain myself among people, I can now easily interact with which initially I couldn't even imagine to interact with. I have developed a sense of gratitude for people around. My life is getting better."
4820	9.0	"After suffering from anxiety for 2 years I finally decided to actually take medication. I was actually very scared of trying drugs for my anxiety because of side effects and being a wife, mother of two and full time employee. I always said that I couldn’t afford having bad effects from meds. I didn’t have time for that . It got to the point that my chest started hurting my heart started pounding and I was even having digestive issues I wasn’t even sleeping at night because of my anxiety. I started this drug about 1 month and a 1/2 ago. I started at 10mg and the last two weeks I’ve been on 20mg and honestly it’s done wonders I still get nervous at times but it’s a normal nervous in actual times when I’m supposed to be not all day worrying like before. My chest pains stopped I’m not going to lie sometimes I do wake up at night for like and hour but I fall back asleep and I honestly feel so happy.
My kids and husband has noticed I’m much more focused and relaxed."
4821	10.0	I have been suffering from anxiety my whole life. As a matter of fact, I didn’t even think I had an anxiety issue but then I started to notice that I was incredibly moody, easily irritated, would blow up over small things, &amp; people had no problem telling me this. It was so embarrassing that I started spending more time at home alone. Every weekend I would spend by myself &amp; avoid social situations like the Black Plague. I even started avoiding social situations at work &amp; I do marketing! It got to a point where I needed help so I spoke to my PCP &amp; he started me on 10mg. It’s only been 1 week &amp; everyone notices a difference in me already. More steady mood, I feel more calm, &amp; my mind doesn’t race anymore. For the first time in my life I’m actually living in the here &amp; now. I honestly haven’t noticed any side effects. My physician told me to take it in the evening to help with the side effects so perhaps that’s why I haven’t noticed much. I actually sleep like a baby!
4822	10.0	"I unfortunately was one of those people who it took 4-5 weeks to see any benefit from Lexapro, but once it kicked it, it was life changing. I went from debilitating anxiety to where I couldn't even leave my house to finally feeling like the ""old"" me again. It was a slow transition, nothing black-and-white, but I can look back and see how the med slowly started to work. Side effects lasted a couple weeks and included headaches, endless fatigue, and I have to be careful what I eat because I have gained about 5 lbs., but I'd take those side effects over living in a constant dream-like state from anxiety. Started on 10 mg and am now on 15 mg. Give it a shot!"
4823	8.0	"Hey I started this drug 3 weeks ago and noticed a difference already after one week. It is kind of breathtaking how ""normal"" I feel. I wasn't able to go to school, work, meetings, or hang out with friends for a while because my anxiety was so overwhelming and I was plagued by constant self doubt and other fears that I couldn't even think straight. I was so anxious that it was hard to breath sometimes and I had a lot of digestive problems, too. I've been able to do these things again with escitalopram. I still feel some nervousness beforehand, but it is actually manageable unlike before, and I think it's important and healthy to still feel these nerves sometimes! Although I have been waking up in the middle of the night for maybe an hour or two most nights. I hope that will subsidy but so far it is worth it because of how good the drug works otherwise."
4824	10.0	I have suffered from generalized anxiety disorder and PMDD for years until I finally started taking Cipralex 5mg 3 years ago.  It changed my life, I feel normal again!  I was extremely hesitant to start a medication but after about a week on it I had wished I started years ago.  Overall I am much more relaxed and sleep much better, I would recommend giving it a try if anxiety is starting to take over your life. I have not had any side effects other than enlarged pupils for the first few weeks. No weight gain or any other side effects that were listed. It's worth a try.
4825	1.0	Tried 5 mg of this for 5 days. Felt terrible but was told to stick it out. The 6th day I took 10mg. Oh my goodness I had severe agitation I was up at the hospital scratching my eyes out and pulling my hair out. Then I was doing laps around the waiting room. I got admitted straight away. They don't believe this drug can cause this but It 100% was. Back to valium for me.
4826	2.0	My doctor prescribed 5mg as I had been suffering from stress and anxiety attacks for a couple months. I have never taken any prescription medications for anxiety before and so was obviously very nervous. Took my first dose yesterday around 3 pm and after two hours felt extreme weakness and drowsiness. My hands were shaking as well at times. I took a nap and the weakness kept coming and going in waves. It was really bad to the point that at times I was thinking if I would faint and have to be taken to the ER. The last time I felt the weakness was this morning around 12 and have been better since (probably cause it's leaving my system). I read about people having side effects but nothing like the one I was having. I'm supposed to start my period in a couple of days and so was wondering if that contributed to the weakness as well. Might give it another try in a couple weeks, but for now I'm not taking it for sure.
4827	9.0	When I first started on 10mg a month ago, I felt GREAT for the first 2 and a half weeks. The last couple days I feel ok but not as good. I'm thinking I just need to bump up my dose. I wanna go to 20mg but I also wanna wait to see my doctor April 5th. The last few days I have been waking up at like 6am with some anxiety. I just wanna feel like I first did when I started this drug cause I felt like myself and was outgoing and started doing things I love to do again. Anyone have any insight on my situation? I just want some reassurance things will get better if I bump up my dose. I never really had any side effects when I started the 10mg, so I'm not worried about that. 
4828	9.0	I was a fully functioning person with no anxiety/depression beforehand. However, anxiety hit me out of nowhere and I suffered chronic anxiety that had me feeling anxious throughout the whole day. My anxiety manifested in my derealization symptoms and it fuelled my depression to the point where it was unbearable and I needed help! I couldn’t believe this was happening to me, I had no idea what was happening to me! I was put on lexapro 10mg and it is currently my 8th week on it. I feel a lot better; I feel like myself again. The first few weeks were a little brutal, and the next few weeks after I had my handful of bad days/moments, but it DOES get better. Feeling back to normal seems impossible until you start feeling it, and I promise you it is possible. I think it took me until the 6th week to really feel a lot better and like myself again.
4829	2.0	"I am 64 &amp; used to have a beautiful facial complexion until I started taking generic LEXAPRO mid-2016.  I did notice a calming effect after about 3 weeks. A few months later though, my face erupted with large, red, &amp; VERY PAINFUL bumps that ""wept"" a clear fluid. Healing took forever &amp; created very UGLY SCABBING. I stopped wearing make-up &amp; went for acne prevention facials, but the breakouts continued. After dealing with my ""teenager"" face for over 2 years, I started 2018 by weaning off the drug. 2 months later, my face is CLEARING UP!!  Look on line for Lexapro &amp; Acne. It is OBVIOUS that this acne-like condition is a MAJOR SIDE EFFECT---and yet, THERE ISN'T EVEN A MENTION OF IT BEING A POSSIBILITY on the Lexapro  consumer information page!! I QUESTION THE VALIDITY of the manufacturer's study of this drug, &amp; its approval. It is very clear that the study was too short to determine long term side effects."
4830	7.0	"Hi All, 6 weeks today on this medication.  Initial 3 weeks where a nightmare....everything was worse.  Anxiety, no sleep, jitters (like the feeling when you drink 10 cups of coffee), always tired but can't sleep...etc.  somewhere around day 25 I started to feel ""good"".  Sleeping better 6hrs per night instead of 3, way less anxious and general overall feel positive.  I would definitely say this med has helped my anxiety and the full effects usually kick in anywhere from 6-8 weeks.  I know when your in the early stages each day seems like a week, but eventually there is a light....PLEASE try and have some patience with this or any SSRI.   3- 5 weeks is where you should see SOME improvement.  Again it takes 2 months to get the full effect."
4831	2.0	I've been on lexapro 10mg for 5 days, can’t tell much difference just yet. Only side effects are slight headaches from time to time (not a full blown headache), tired, decrease in appetite, had diarrhea once. Trying to stick it out. On the downside my new doctor doesn’t prescribe lexapro so eventually I will have to switch to Celexa soon which I don’t know how I feel about that.
4832	2.0	Made me extremely tired and I could not concentrate at work.
4833	9.0	Started on Lexapro 10 mg daily 5 years ago. Wish I had taken it years before that. I’ve always been an anxious person. Even as a child. Depression set in big time in 2012 when I lost my dad. So I finally went to a psychiatrist and he prescribed lexapro. The side effects were hard for me at first. Nausea, jitters, heat intolerance, yawning and jaw clenching. But I felt so much better in terms of my mood. It was kind of a miracle for me. Like someone turned the lights in my life back on. Huge relief. Twelve weeks ago I tried to taper back my dose just to see if I still needed it. Six weeks later I was crying every day, no energy, I felt like just going away, literally, like forever. My husband is a nurse practitioner and he really saw the change in me.  I agreed to go back on my regular dose. It took another 6 weeks to get back to feeling good. I will take it the rest of my life. And am immensely thankful for this medication.
4834	10.0	I've been taking Lexapro for 1 year and 2 months.  So far its been a life saver.  I couldn't sleep for days, stopped going to work and cried about anything that made me even the slightest bit upset.  For me anxiety is like a cock fight going on inside my head.  I also take Alprazolam for anxiety attacks, which rarely happen anymore  (once or twice a month).  I would also recommend  finding a good therapist.  Mine helps A TON.
4835	8.0	I’m coming up on my 4th week being on cipralex . I was so afraid and against having to take medication but I’m so glad I tried it . Anyone who is unsure or scared don’t be ! This medication saved me .  Before this med I was unable to function and do normal things due to extreme anxiety and panic attacks . I thought I couldn’t go on and I could never feel normal again . Although there is good days and bad days I can really start to see a difference . Some bad side effects but 100% worth it . Give it a chance and don’t give up
4836	2.0	I was switched to this when the medication I'd used successfully for 15 years went off my insurance formulary. Although it appeared to work for the anxiety, the side effects were intolerable at the 10mg dose. After the first week it was reduced to 5mg but I still experienced terrible side effects.I had profuse sweating (especially hands and feet), couldn't sleep, trouble focusing, restless legs and worst of all, uncontrollable tremors to the point I couldn't even write a grocery list. By the end of the 2nd week, the side effects alone gave me anxiety. This clearly was the wrong medication for me.  It effects serotonin and my previous med effected other neurotransmitters in the brain. I got off the escitalopram and back on my original med and within a day felt wonderful with no side effects. Make sure your doctor doesn't switch you to a med that doesn't address the particular problem that is creating your anxiety, If you have continuing severe side effects, call your doctor. I'm so glad I did.
4837	7.0	I've been on 10 mg for  6 months and it definitely has calmed my anxiety issues. No side effects except weight gain about 30 lbs which I am not happy with but still worth taking
4838	6.0	I’ve been on this medication for about 2 weeks and I’ve noticed my anxiety getting worse .. is that normal ? Will it get better ... I’ve seen reviews on it getting worse before better and I’m just so scared all the time I feel like I’m not myself . Please someone help me to understand if I should stay on medication
4839	1.0	I was prescribed the 10mg dose, started on a Monday. Everyday after that I woke up with major anxiety, nausea, skin tingles down both arms and diarrhea. I've lost 10 lbs in 5 days, still have anxiety when I wake, nauseous and no appetite, insomnia and skin tingles. I went off the drug Friday after starting that Monday (4 pills). I am still having morning anxiety, nausea and insomnia. I only had 1 anxiety attack before starting the drug. Slept good and had no eating issues. How long til I feel better? This has been a horrible experience for me.
4840	6.0	"I’m 19 years old and have severe agoraphobia and OCD. I have previously been on Fluvoxamine 100mg, Endep 15mg, Mirtazapine 45mg etc.

Well, the first few weeks tapering off the Mirtazapine/starting the Lexapro were absolute hell. I am on 10mg of Lexapro. 

Could not keep a thought straight, nausea (I have a vomiting phobia), brain zaps, severe bursts of anger (I am the most gentle human in the world so that one was scary), no appetite, sleep disturbances etc. I am still seeing no improvement in my anxiety or OCD but every now and again I feel a glimmer of hope. I am also on 12 and a half milligrams of Seroquel in the morning and the other half at night, which pretty much knocks me out. I can’t speak to anyone on the phone, go anywhere, see anyone, I just had to cancel my Skype appointment for the second time. I have just asked my psych if I can up the dose...Seeing the positive reviews on here make me hopeful, but I just really need it to kick in soon. It’s been 4-5 weeks."
4841	10.0	I've been suffering from anxiety and depression since 2017. I found myself not leaving the house, in and out of hospitals, going to so many doctors for answers, not being able to drive, or even be by myself and having panic attacks everyday  and so I was giving up. I found a therapist who helped me tremendously! He advised me to get on Lexapro. I was scared, I didn't want to take it and I felt like I was weak  I can honestly tell you I am beyond thankful that I made myself get on this medication. It has totally changed my life in such a positive way. I do have to say the first couple of weeks were rough for me. I was dizzy, nauseous, just all the way felt like rubbish BUT STICK IT OUT. I am so thankful. Give this medicine a try but always remember you have to change the way you live your life and your thoughts, always be positive and always remember you will get out of this and you can live a happy and healthy life.
4842	10.0	I am a 50 year old male in a highly stressful professional occupation.  I became stricken with severe work related anxiety making me irritable and agonizing over decisions or interacting with others.  Lexapro 10mg saved my career, as I was at the point that I believed I could no longer continue to function at work.  The first few days were rough, but after 5 days, I remember waking up and feeling like the anxiety has diminished substantially.  My anxiety continued to diminish gradually and now, after being on this medication for 1 year, I feel great.  Only side effect is lasting longer...no complaints from the wife.  I was hesitant to take the pharmaceutical route and felt real men should tough it out...so stupid.
4843	7.0	"I tried Zoloft first and it made me extremely sick.  I switched to Lexapro (generic) after a week and it helped the sickness tremendously. I have been on Lexapro for about a month and a half now and it is really just starting to work.  It is helping a lot with my anxiety but I am having some common and not so common side effects.  The common: difficulty orgasming (this was present in the Zoloft as well for me). Uncommon: I am also having trouble urinating (I can't go right away or at all if I don't REALLY have to go).  My scalp has become very dry and itchy.  I also got a yeast infection, which I am assuming is from the medication.  It is not listed in the side effects but I have seen many other women complain of this.  

Over all, the fact that I feel like a normal person again outweighs all of the side effects for me.  I am on 10mg and I plan to go down to 5mg after 6 months and my doctor thinks that will help with the side effects."
4844	9.0	"Pros
I felt the positive effects of this medication within a matter of hours.  I was at a point in my life where anxiety was dominating both my personal, professional, and familial relationships. I also had extreme health anxiety, which dominated a lot of my thoughts.  Since starting Lexapro, I have noticed a huge difference in the reduction of my anxiety, including my health anxiety.  I am happier and better able to connect with people (most likely because my anxiety has reduced a lot).  The pros definitely outweigh the cons I experienced.
Cons
I have heard that this medication can increase suicidal ideation, which is a big con.  I didn't have a huge depressive element to my anxiety, so I can't comment on the effects it has with depression
Side effects: I have been having hot flushes, mainly at night
Definitely increased thirst and dry mouth
Some diarrhoea at the start, but that has settled
Some waking up at 5am wide awake"
4845	10.0	"I have been suffering from GAD for the past two months, although the first symptoms started 5 months ago when I had my first panic attacks.
I have been taking the medication for only one week, and although I know every situation is different, I can say that it really helps!  In the beginning  I was really afraid to take it, due to the side effects I was reading in the internet, but the only ones I had were a dry mouth and feeling sleepy, that lasted only for the first 5-6 days. Another thing that I have noticed is that it increased my anxiety for the first 5 days, which I account as a possible side effect. BUT, what I am sure about is that it started changing my life from day 6 already!! I feel happy most of the time and my anxiety diminished to a level that is actually close to normal. Of course, I cannot be sure that me feeling so much better is all thanks to the drug, since it is too soon to say, but I am so looking forward to experience its full effect!"
4846	9.0	"I’ve been suffering chronic anxiety and regular bouts of deep depression since my mid teens. I’m 28. I’ve tried everything, including therapy for many years, &amp; was starting to fear I was doomed to feel sad for the rest of my life. I was desperate to see if anything could make me feel better so I set aside my stubborn anti-medication stance. I am so glad I did.

I’ve been on lexapro 3 wks now (still at a tiny 5mg dose) &amp; saw an almost immediate improvement. My emotions have levelled out &amp; my anxiety has toned down. Side effects were: weird kaleidoscopic closed-eye hallucinations when going to sleep, fluttery chest &amp; increased anxiety in the evening...but only for the first few nights. Still experiencing a bit of sleeplessness. I also found my ability to orgasm disappeared for the first 2.5 weeks (to my horror) and I was considering stopping because of that, but lo and behold, it came back - so if anyone else experiences that I encourage you to hang in there a few weeks!"
4847	9.0	This got rid of my anxiety completely while on it! I finally got my life back. I’ve been struggling from severe anxiety my whole life and this finally helped. Like every medication, their are some symptoms that slip through. I still get anxious, but not as often, and only like 5 times a day. For me, that’s barely bad. I used to be anxious over EVERYTHING. For my depression it helps me not feel depressed as long, but I still felt almost as equally depressed as before just not everyday. And, most of the time I wasn’t depressed. But it did work better for my anxiety. Overall, everyone reacts to different medications differently so my advice probably won’t be relevant to your experience.
4848	8.0	"I took Lexapro for a couple of years and stopped but have now just started back up again due to severe anxiety along with some agoraphobia. The first time I was on it, I started at 10 mg and went to 20 mg after two weeks. For me this medication works very well. Startup side effects are slight nausea, jitters, and not sleeping very well. Also more difficult to ejaculate. The jitters which, when you already have anxiety, will only exacerbate the problem until the side effects wear off after about a week or so. It's helpful to have a prescription for Ativan or Xanax on standby to get through any panic attacks during the startup period. When it does kick in, there isn't a ""wow, I feel amazing!"" moment. More ""wow, I don't feel awful anymore."""
4849	10.0	"Before starting on this drug I was about to kill myself because I didn’t want to live in my head anymore. My anxiety was so bad I couldn’t handle any sort of social interaction and became mildly agoraphobic at my worst. 

I went from being the life of the party to a shell of a human because of overwhelming personal circumstances and genetic predispotion to anxiety and depression.

The DAY AFTER I got put on Lexapro (10mg) my entire brain chemistry was readjusted.

I felt like me again. I can’t even talk about the transformation in real life without getting emotional. 

If anything that I or any of these other people has said has resonated with you ... give this drug a go! I was anti-medication before I tried this. It saved my life"
4850	1.0	Worst medication I ever took! One hour after the first pill, I was super agitated, nervous, anxious, insomniac. Even after 5 weeks I still feel very bad (worst than before I started). My blood pressure is super high, I don't feel good and I am sweating a lot! Stick to citalopram!
4851	9.0	Lexapro is the first SSRI I've tried, and it's done wonders for me. I'm not a slave to my moods anymore - I'm extremely grateful for the emotional stability this drug has given me. It's absolutely fantastic for anxiety. The only side effect I've experienced is decreased libido, which is why I'm giving it a 9 and not a 10.
4852	1.0	"My wife began taking Lexapro about two months ago.  After two weeks her personality was unrecognizable.  One month after she began taking Lexapro she filed for divorce.  She began calling the police on me and of course the police did nothing to me.

We had five kids.  My whole world, my kids lives, all of it destroyed by this drug.  Don't do it."
4853	10.0	I was suffering bad anxiety when I lost a very close friend. I started to think something was wrong with me and gradually my anxiety took over. I was at the doctor every other day with palpitations thinking I was having a heart attack then thinking I had lumps around that area. After about 6 weeks I finally said to my doctor I need help he prescribed me lexapro 10mgs the first 5 weeks were horrible couldn’t keep awake feeling sick could hardly eat felt awful. Then it kicked in I’m back to myself I find it an amazing medication please stick with it. I’m so happy I did. But as I said first 5 weeks were tough. But now it has turned me back to myself.
4854	5.0	I am about two weeks into taking escitalopram.  The first two days were side effect free. But after that I was vomiting constantly and could barely eat anything. I have lost five pounds and I am already a small girl. I experience very mild headaches here and there. Mostly at night when I am trying to sleep. One minute I am constipated and the next I have diarrhea. Not cool. I cannot eat much at all, have NOT lost any sexual interest. Now that I am two weeks into the medication I am experiencing additional anxiety like heart palpitations and feelings of wanting to break down crying over nothing.  I used to be on a higher dose of ‘citalopram’ which caused no side effects but this one is hard on my body. Hope it works for my anxiety eventually
4855	10.0	I randomly started having horrible anxiety making me feel sick and wanting to avoid all social situations. Dr put me on Lexapro 10mg and it’s been a life saver. I was worried at first with bad reviews, but I shouldn’t have been. Only side effect was dry mouth the first two days. Took about 3 weeks to work, but suddenly one day I realized I had no anxiety. It’s been a blessing.
4856	10.0	Took lexapro for 4 weeks, 5mg, didn’t have any side affects or notice any changes until the 4th week, I just suddenly realized I actually felt normal.  Stopped taking it after that and then went back on it in July when I was at one of my lowest moments I had ever experienced. I had one moment where I felt I could no longer cope and understood that suicide is about taking away your own pain, not about hurting others. Been taking it for three months now and back to my normal self. Enjoy social gatherings, have more energy, not so much social anxiety. Still only take 5mg, half a pill and it is all that I need to feel levelled out. Still zero side affects.
4857	4.0	I had been taking Citalopram for over 6 years (20MG) when my doctor switched me to Escitalopram several months ago.  We started with 15MG, and it definitely helped, but my anxiety was still bad, so we decided to increase the dose to 20MG about 3 weeks ago.  I haven't had a panic attack since, but I am extremely lethargic and unmotivated.  I sleep 12-15 hours a day (I have a very flexible work schedule), and I'm still tired and take naps during the day.  I make up any excuse not to do my work, and I have trouble getting myself to do ANYTHING, including going outside.  I won't even walk to the store if I really need something.  I've always loved to sleep, but I used to be extremely self-motivated.
4858	10.0	So I have been taking Prozac for a long time but I was always taking naps and tired, I didn’t want to do anything go anywhere. I decided to look into Lexapro reviews some of them really scared me. I thought why not give it a shot one of my cousins takes Lexapro. The doctor switched me from Prozac to Lexapro and I’m going on three weeks I feel so much better I have more energy  I’m not sleeping all the time. I’m noticing more things that make me happy. I did have side effects in the beginning but they were very mild constipation dizziness tingly feelings but those are starting to go away. I’m so glad I try this medication I hope it continues to work for me. The doctor started me on 5 mg and I’m slowly working my way up to 10 mg. Write your reviews because people actually do read them.
4859	9.0	My first few days I had a lot of nausea as expected then some increased anxiety. But after a few week to around 6 weeks in I was back to my old self. Life saver for me! Everyday prior to taking lexapro for months was a struggle with anxiety and random panic attacks, face tingling, unbalanced feeling and just feeling off all around. 4 months of taking 10 mg and what a relief. Back to socialization, eating better, feeling better With no face tingling. Give it a try for about 6 weeks for full effects and side effects will subside. They did for me.
4860	1.0	First time taking 2.5mg Lexapro 3 hours after taking it I could not speak or think or walk normally, had severe nausea and headache, Spent 8 hours in ER. 2nd day have diarrhea and heart palpitations. I only took 2.5mg once. Not for me!
4861	10.0	"I made it to 62 without needing any anti-depressants or mood meds ever. Then my Mom got ill with dementia , fell often and my husband and I were ""it"" to take care of her. We sold our house and moved closer to her. The anxiety that came with taking over her care and the care of my down syndrome sister was overwhelming. I thought I was dealing with it but finally caved. My MD put me on Lexapro and made me better. Before the lexapro I was grumpy , not happy at work , I didn't want to be around people AND had bowel issues at inopportune times. Lexapro was a life float for me. Yes it made me a little sleepy the first 2 weeks , I had some transient constipation and libido problems but all that passed. I like the person I am on Lexapro."
4862	2.0	Wasn't sleeping well and was having career-related anxiety.  I went to my PCP and he put me on Ambien and Lexapro.  I was very concerned about effect Lexapro would have on me, but I went ahead and started it.  First day I was a little tingly but no other immediate physical response.  The next morning I woke up retching/dry heaving.  I spent the whole day having hot and cold spells.  My ears were burning.  My head felt congested but without any sinus issues.  I was severely agitated/restless.  I couldn't sit still.  Felt sick all day.  I took the pill again the second morning (yesterday), but today woke up retching again.  Still very restless with some twitching of arms and legs.  Didn't take the medicine again today.
4863	8.0	I started Lexapro about 4 weeks ago. It helped  anxiety but depression was still there. I talked with counsellor today and he had just gotten back from a symposium on depression. He said people sometimes underuse their anti-depressants. They feel a little better but till not great. He advised increasing the medication to a level I feel really better. So I am going up to 10 mg. I think 10-15 mg may be right for me. Keep trying, this is a chemical imbalance, runs in families. If you R not satisfied w/results then try increasing your dose after discussing with Dr of course. I am so happy to have found this med, my anxiety is already getting better, I've had no major side effects. I wish you all the best.
4864	8.0	"Today was my first day (10 mg) and I felt great until I felt dizzy, then like I was going to faint. Then felt like I was going to throw up. This was all at work! I never did get sick, splashed water on my face and laid down and felt better after about 30 minutes or so. The other thing is that I did not eat much today, so not sure if that was a contributing factor. 
I feel like if I can work thru these side effects, it will really help."
4865	9.0	"So I finally gave in and started taking Escitalopram for my Anxiety. I've been living with it for the last 12 years diagnosed at age 20. I'm a healthy male, enjoy jogging and in general eat very healthy. I'm taking Lamotragine (lamictal) for Bipolar disorder as well. 

I wouldn't say there was any tough phases for me to be honest. I'm on day 7 now and all I've had was some headaches after waking up that lasted till the afternoon. They subsided after the 3rd day. I haven't noticed any increase in anxiety or loss in sex drive yet either. I'm looking forward to experience the full effect/benefits of this medication"
4866	10.0	I was not going to take Lexapro after reading all the reviews. I was really skeptical about the side effects. I read one very positive review &amp; it changed my mind. I am so glad I started Lexapro two months ago. I was put on Lexapro for anxiety. I was always in a bad mood &amp; everything set me off. I started with 10mg &amp; saw a slight improvement the first week. It wasn't until the Dr put me on 15mg about a month in that I really saw considerable improvement. Two months later I can honestly say I am am so happy to be on this medication. Everything just seems better. I am happy. I find joy in the things I used to. I look forward to social events. My mood is so much better. I did not gain weight. No sexual side affects. Please give it a try!
4867	7.0	"Hi I've been taking lexapro since 2014
it helps a lot
although I still have some anxiety but it works wonders, no side effects I take 20mg"
4868	7.0	Lexapro pretty much saved my life at one point. I’ve had anxiety/depression all my life but a few years ago I was at a low point. I wasn’t getting out of bed and felt like I had no reason to even get up in the morning. One day I decided it was time to live again and I saw a psychiatrist. He prescribed me 10mg of lexapro which I was advised to take half of for the 1st two weeks. As most people have mentioned, the 1st few weeks are for SURE not a good time. If you were already dealing with bad depression, I would advise that you stay close to good people for the 1st couple of weeks. I promise you though, it gets better if you wait it out. MAJOR sexual side effects (as in NO sex drive whatsoever) but if you have bad anxiety, it’s worth it.
4869	9.0	"I started with 0.5 tablets a day with no improvement (should be a stage to test any side effects resulted)
0.5 tablets more for every diagnosis.
Kept a level of 3 tablets for longtime
A peak of 4 tablets after 1 year and 2 months due to an sad period of my life
I almost got no side effects and my anxiety kept reducing with less washing action for my clothing and less care of tiny dirt (Kind of dirt that I concern)
However, my mood is still not always good (except those anxiety from dirt). Not sure what matters
But overall Lexapro helps me a lot! At least I have more time to sleep (I used to wash my stuff until 3-4am 3-4 days a week but now I seldom wash, I have my normal bedtime even though I need to wash Sth)"
4870	9.0	"For me and other people I have suggested this medication too it has completely changed our lives for the better. Reading reviews you often see knee jerk reactions from people suffering deeply and then taking the medication and going through the up to 4 week period of feeling worse. That is a tough 4 weeks if you felt you where already at breaking point, easy to pull out the pitch fork at that time.

But you're less likely to hear from the people who would tell you the polar opposite of that because once taking lexapro providing you are feeling better it’s easy to leave the dark world behind and return to the light. 

My suggestion to anyone who has been recommended this, ignore stigma and try this for at least 4 weeks at your doctors direction. GL ML"
4871	10.0	"I struggled with severe postpartum anxiety and depression for two years after my daughter was born. I went to therapy but was still struggling. I didn't want to take medication for a very long time, because I just didn't want to be a ""medicated mom."" I always thought it would get better. It didn't and I was exhausted. I am taking only 10mg of lexapro now (therapeutic dose is considered 20mg) and I'm staying at 10. My life is COMPLETELY different. I feel joy and happiness again, my anxiety is gone, I sleep well, my sadness and anger are gone. It is life changing and I can't believe I didn't do it sooner. And I'm actually a better, happier mom now! Give yourself a chance to get better. Mild side effects at first - mild nausea and headache."
4872	5.0	"I have dealt with both anxiety and depression the majority of my adult career. I was previously on Prozac 10mg, and had a dosage increase to 20mg but I experienced no significant change and could not stay consistent with the medication. After discontinuing the Prozac, I felt I could deal with my Anxiety without medication. Boy was I wrong.. symptoms got worse..
-uncontrollable crying
-dry heaving 
- no interest in doing anything 
-tired all of the time

I finally got evaluated by my provider, and they prescribed Lexapro 10mg

This is only my second day on the medication, and anxiety is at a low. However, I am feeling very Nauseous 

I normally have a beer or two, and I have no interest in drinking alcohol 

Is this normal?"
4873	9.0	Before Lexapro I was on Adderall witch I abused with drinking and resulted in alcohol poisoning and Atrial Fibulation (irregular heartbeat) after this  incident my anxiety went through the roof and I feared to drink or take another medication again. I had multiple times where I would go to the emergency room thinking I was having a heart attack and each time they told me it was anxiety. That’s when my doctor recommended lexapro. It does take some time for your body to get used to but once it did my anxiety was almost gone! You just need to let your body get used to it and find the right dose for you. I have been on it for almost a year now and I still get a little anxious but haven’t had any panic attacks.
4874	6.0	I was on this medication for a number of years, but I've come off it, because it doesn't help my social anxiety and the side-effects are quite debilitating for me. I have both generalised and social anxiety and though the Lexapro did help me feel generally less anxious, it did not help with the social anxiety. It also made me feel constantly very fatigued. Coming off Lexapro was absolutely horrible and I felt physically and mentally awful. Though it certainly is a good fit for mild to moderate anxiety, I felt like I was trapped on the medication because coming off it even for a day made me physically ill.
4875	10.0	NEVER HAD AN ANXIETY ATTACK AFTER LEXAPRO. I used to have very severe anxiety , and I had to go to hospital multiple times thinking I had heart attacks.  I had hot/cold flashes, chest pains, pounding heart, couldn’t breathe, dizziness.... unfortunately I got off of it to take a pill for my Tourette’s syndrome a few weeks ago and my anxiety came back and the new pill made me sick , so now my anxiety is back badly and I had to go to hospital multiple times thinking I had heart issues again... just got put back on lexipro a week ago hasn’t started working yet I hope it kicks in :( I also took buspar with lexapro before it is a second anxiety pill and u can take them together .
4876	6.0	light and fuzzy headed
4877	10.0	I was taking Celexa for 6 years. It didn't work for me like it once did. I'm 44, hormones are changing. Started Lexapro 4 weeks ago. No side effects, happy and feeling very positive, normal. Once in awhile, I feel angry, but yoga takes my anger away quickly.
4878	7.0	Moved cities to try and save money but this hasn't worked out as planned. I been stressed for the last 8 months and one day I just started getting anxiety attack and just depressed as heck. Went go see doctor. Got on 10mg lexapro for first 2 weeks then 20mg after that. Had minor side effects. Trouble urinating. Dry mouth. Minor head ache and the craziest most vivid dreams. And about a 2 week period of bad depression. All has since gone away. Besides the dreams. Very low libido. Don't drink alcohol on this medication is takes away the effects. Took me 3 days to start feeling the meds again. My anxiety is more manageable and i feel more sociable.
4879	1.0	Oh my goodness! Can I give this drug a negative rating? Took it for one day and felt like a dang maniac! Took it before bed,  and the next morning I woke up and felt so nauseous. I have taken Zoloft and Paxil at other times in life  and I have never felt so sick and manic - absolute worst feeling ever! Took several days for that one dose to leave my system. However, having sex that night I had the most intense orgasm!
4880	10.0	"I have been on a low dose of generic Lexapro for almost a month now, 5 mg, and it has drastically improved my quality of life. I was suffering from anxiety and mild depression due to other significant health problems that weren't getting better--the more I worried about my health the worse it got, and it kept going in a circle on and on. The first week of taking the medicine it caused a slight headache off and on, and some mild dizziness and constipation. But those side effects went away completely by week 2. Now I'm getting back to normal, I'm the happiest I've been in 2 years, I feel like myself again. 

I was scared to try another anxiety medicine after a bad experience with Zoloft. But the lexapro has been wonderful! Don't lose hope!"
4881	8.0	This stuff helps. In one month I saw an improvement. Makes my outlook positive and removed the palpitations and fear I had.
4882	1.0	Day 4 of using this Med- I first I noticed I was very tired and fatigue - I experienced short term memory loss - I also couldn't stay focused in on a conversation.. Not for me
4883	8.0	If I were to just review this drug from an anxiety/fear of social interaction standpoint, I would say that Lexapro is awesome. Lexapro has stopped me from having tremors every time someone talked to me out of the blue, and I do not mind being in the spotlight anymore during classes. For (group) presentations, I still feel physical symptoms and my tremor building up, but not nearly as much as I did without Lexapro. My biggest fear happens to be giving presentations and this is what I am taking it for primarily. I think if I were to do a standalone presentation, I would still have A LOT of difficulty focusing on the topic at hand but not because of anxiety. This drug makes it very hard for me to focus in school. Hope to go down to 5mg from 10
4884	8.0	This medicine has made a massive difference in my moods. I suffer from anxiety and depression. The first few weeks were tough with some side affects. Nausea, dry mouth, trouble sleeping, hard to urinate. However these all went away and I feel great. Started at 5mg for 1 week and have been on 10mg now for almost 2 months. It helps to see things clearly and I'm not regretting my decision to start this medication.
4885	10.0	This medicine did wonders for me..
4886	9.0	"I had bad anxiety for a few months because of university. I was always afraid of failing (I study statistics). It had a huge negative impact on the quality of my life. I often cried, I had no appetite anymore and sometimes I even threw up. Then I started taking 5mg of Escitalopram for two to three months. After that I took 10 mg.I don't remember when the positive effects started kicking in exactly. But it took at least 6 weeks. By now (I started taking it February, now it is August) I don't have any anxiety anymore. At first my libido decreased significantly. I feel like this got better, but I am not sure. 
I gained weighed, but not because of the drug directly, but because I was able to eat again normally."
4887	8.0	I've been on 10 mg of escitalopram for almost a year.  Some days I still experience nausea.  It was very bad during the first few weeks and then it stopped.  But in the last few months I started experiencing nausea throughout the day again.  Anyone else still have nausea from this drug after being on it for awhile?
4888	10.0	I took this a few years ago for anxiety, panic, OCD, and mild agoraphobia and claustrophobia. It helped tremendously. I don't recall any side effects besides hands being shaky and a little more forgetful. I had to stop when I was trying to become pregnant and I'm not sure if it was the weaning off this or the switching to Zoloft but that process wasn't too fun. Not awful though. Still prefer over Zoloft!
4889	2.0	I started this medicine for my anxiety. I took it the same day I was prescribed it. For an hour after taking it my anxiety went away and my head felt cleared up! But an hour after that (2 hours after taking the medication) my anxiety hit me hard and my legs completely locked up! I was unable to move from the waist down  for about 45 minutes! I felt no relief for my anxiety. My doctor took me off of it.
4890	5.0	4 weeks on it. Started with 5 mg, then 10, 15, and first day on 20 mg today. Feel like rubbish. Rate 5 because I believe I will feel better.
4891	6.0	Lexapro (which is called Cipralex here in Canada) was what they put me on when I first became extremely anxious (after trying talk therapy and Ativan when needed). It KO'd my anxiety extremely well (alongside continued therapy). Not only my acute anxiety that was causing panic attacks and made me unable to leave the house was handled, but the social anxiety I've lived with all my life. However, it caused me to gain a significant amount of weight, my emotions were somewhat blunted, and for the first few months I was on it, I would get quite sleepy in the morning. It did stop working for me after about 2.5 years, but as short-term anxiety treatment it served me well.
4892	10.0	I have been on this medicine for 5 weeks . It's been a bit of an adjustment but now that it has kicked in I feel great. No more anxiety or panic attacks. I started out at 5mg then went to 7.5 and now I am at 10mg which seems to be the best dose for me. The first 1-2 weeks was the hardest. Loss of appetite and increased anxiety.  Glad I gave it a few weeks to work because now I feel great.
4893	10.0	It's only been 4 days... But wow! What a change! I cannot remember the last time I had this much energy. I actually WANT to get out of bed in the morning. I WANT to hang out with my friends. I feel... Happy and positive. I feel like it has been many many years since I've felt this way. So far I haven't had any negative side effects aside from the first two days with stomach upset. Will report back in 6 weeks or so when it will be in full effect!
4894	10.0	Follow up on review posted over a year ago: I have just successfully quit Lexapro with a very slow 6 month taper. I took 10-15 mg for panic for one year, then started taper. Wanted to advise to taper ON this med as well as off! My Dr. had me jump right on at 10 mg and the first 3 weeks of adjustment was horrible...by contrast my taper off was a breeze because it was very gradual. Lexapro worked for me and I would take it again if ever necessary!
4895	9.0	This drug -super small dose - has changed my life.  I have been a nurse for 26 years. My stress and anxiety levels were at the max!  I just wanted to sleep on my days off and I did not want to socialize.  I was easily overwhelmed and worried constantly.  I was just awful.   I started lexapro at 10 mg and it was too much !  I backed down to 5 mg and the first 3 weeks were hell.  I felt out of body - exhausted but could not sleep - it was just an awful three weeks.  After reading many reviews to hang in there --- that's what I did.  Around week 3-4 - I adjusted.  I felt like my worries rolled off my back, I wanted to do things, I felt more energy than I had in years, I was laughing and finally listening to people did not annoy me!  Hang in!!
4896	9.0	Anxiety lifer here. My demon has gotten cruel in the past few years by manifesting itself in severe premature ventricular contraction (PVC's) every time I start to leave the house or get in a slightly stressful situation.  After a massive panic attack on a flight home from London to DC, I decided I had enough. I told my GP I want to go back on Lexapro. Like every other time, Lexapro works almost immediately for me - my PVC's and agoraphobia have muted drastically on only 5mg a day! Yes there is slight weight gain and potential sexual side effects but I'll take those over the other stuff any day. It's cliche but I do feel like I have my life back. I even ventured out for a run around the city tonight with zero PVC's. Sucks being on a drug but I'm ok with it today.
4897	9.0	I'm on lexapro 3 weeks now. I use to wake up every morning angry, argue with everyone, not talk to anyneo and generally be an introvert.The waking up angry has stopped, I crave being around people now.  I started these for 2 weeks before, came off then then went back on them due to stress and arguing with my boyfriend. I'm interested in applying for jobs and getting my drive back so I'll see after 2 months.N o weight gain and all my negative thinking is gone
4898	10.0	I was having horrible anxiety attacks, panic attacks and was border line manic. I was going through a lot of stress and hit my limit. My family urged me to see a Dr who started me on 2.5 lexapro for a week then up to 5 mg the week after. I stayed on 5 mg for 1 month seeing improvements. Eventually I decided to bump up to 7.5 which I'm currently on . I still get anxiety but I am able to feel in control.  I don't have attacks anymore. I'm sleeping better and eating again. Side effects only lasted the first month . I got really tired 20 min after taking it , drowsy, night sweats. Make sure to take it with a snack, I find it hits the stomach like a rock. Over all has given me my life back. And I don't feel like I'm on medication.
4899	10.0	"My anxiety peaked 6 years ago.  Not only did I dread social interaction of any kind (talking to co-workers, going out with friends, even being around my own family) but I had experienced a panic attack on the freeway which kept me from driving anywhere far from my home for two years.  I was extremely stubborn and didn't want chemicals to ""change"" my reality.  I finally had to admit to myself that my reality sucked - bad. I'm overjoyed to report that Lexapro saved me.  It took a month for me to realize I was greeting people in passing again.  I drive on the freeway again and love being around people.  Stick with it even if you feel ""weird"" at first.  You CAN have your life back!  I take it at night, the initial drowsiness helps me sleep."
4900	7.0	"I've been on Lexapro for maybe 1.5 years, and this drug has worked pretty well in reducing my anxiety and depression. I started on 10mg which may have helped a tiny bit, but I still felt awful. A month or two after having my dose increased to 20mg, I started to feel better. Lexapro helped me lift myself out of my ~6 month long period of anxiety and depression, but I wasn't ""cured."" I still have mental issues which I need to work on. 

In terms of side effects, there were almost none. I got headaches right when I started and also after going on 20mg, but they only lasted a few days. I also find my long-term memory is a bit worse, and time seems to fly by faster.

Oh, and it's super cheap if you can get the generic version."
4901	1.0	extreme increased anxiety
4902	3.0	"I have anxiety and slight depression due to stress.  This is my first week on Lexapro and I was given 10mg which I  couldn't take as it made me very out of sorts, dizzy, stomach issues. So cut it down to 5mg symptoms are still there with the ""out of it"" feeling dazed and my body feels kinda tingly/numb and I have a headache which I don't know if it's Lexapro related or allergy related. Also makes me jittery. I'm really sleepy too and I take it at night.  Not sure I'm going to keep taking it. I don't like this out of it feeling.  But I am calmer and not so quick to yell at my kids."
4903	10.0	excellent med if you are afraid of side effects, had none. used for 10 yrs until stopped working. was on celexa also for 10 yrs excellent med for no side effects .both Lexapro and Celexa are excellent for treating mental disease. avoid ZOLOFT was on for two weeks my brain was in another dimension , made anxiety worse. now its hell on earth for me looking for another ssri. clonzepam is excellent for anxiety no side effects. docs wont prescribe it for me.
4904	10.0	A year ago I had a major health scare that turned out to be fine in the end, but I ended up crashing, developing severe insomnia, severe anxiety, muscle twitches all over, major joint pain, brain fog and finally a depression. I resisted taking drugs as I thought I was going to get lots of side effects. I tried everything under the sun; yoga, meditation, acupuncture, tinctures, craniosacral therapy, psychotherapy, kinesiology etc. My psychiatrist and GP both strongly recommended I should take Lexapro. When I started pondering why I was living I started taking the meds. I started sleeping better and after some weeks the worst dread was gone and so was the anxiety. After 2 months I feel MUCH better and I hardly had any side effects at all!:)
4905	9.0	"I started taking lexapro my first semester of sophomore year in college for depression and  anxiety and have been taking it for about six months now. My anxiety causes me to have extreme panic attacks where I break out in rashes and get frequent bloody noses. Since being on lexapro, I have not had a single attack!
 I also haven't had any extreme side effects although I have had increased appetite and have gone from 95-100lbs to about 115lbs. 
However, the withdrawal symptoms are very serious, take it everyday and try not to skip any days. I got a nasty cold and stopped taking it for awhile and then spent a whole week thinking I had a horrible flu (nausea, vomiting, headaches) only to realize I was going through withdrawals."
4906	10.0	I had to start at 5 mg and work my way up because I'm a baby, but I definitely feel better and oddly enough, my headaches have improved after 20 years. I don't feel any different, I'm just worrying less and not feeling the physical symptoms of anxiety. It still comes and goes a small bit, but it's WAY better!
4907	10.0	"I had tried everything meditation, herbal supplements, yoga, exercise, healthy eating. I was doing everything ""right"" however I was in a constant state of unrest and having about 5 panic attacks a day. I would go days without eating or drinking water and then collapsing. My anxiety was so high, was sick all the time gut issues, headaches, dizziness, general fog and feeling completely out of it and detached. It came to the point that something needed to change - so I sucked it up and tried Lexapro. If you are reading this YOU CAN FEEL BETTER. I was scared I would feel like a zombie and loose myself - but it just takes the edge off and you will start to feel lighter and free and it will let therapy and meditation work."
4908	3.0	"Blood sugar has gone through the roof. From normal range (for me, about 100 pre-meal to 140ish 2 hours after a meal) to steadily around 300.  Some weight gain.

Mood is improved quite a bit, so high marks for that.

Sexual side effects are extremely frustrating. Everyone says they will diminish in time, but it's been 6 months. Not a problem with ED or stamina, but getting to orgasm has proven elusive. 

The blood sugar is the major concern, so if my doctor can help me get that under control I may continue. Otherwise I'll talk with my psychiatrist about dumping it."
4909	7.0	"I started taking 10mg of escitalopram in the eleventh grade and it helped me to get through daily tasks with minimal anxiousness. My first year of college was very stressful and I noticed my anxiety worsening- my Dr. gradually upped my pills to 30mg/day. At first I noticed a huge improvement and felt like myself again. About three weeks into a steady 30mg/day I began feeling nauseous and evidently began vomiting 2-3 times a day, in addition to the vomiting my appetite was gone and I was also fainting frequently. 
I would highly recommend this anxiety med, although it is not for everyone, if you are able to find the right dosage for your body it is extremely helpful."
4910	2.0	Worked amazingly for my mental disorders for about 3 months. Then it caused me to go have serotonin syndrome. Its a very toxic medication. Its a shame my body couldn't handle it anymore.
4911	9.0	"Difficult personal situations caused my Ativan usage to creep up to 3-4x/day. When I started being perimenopause, I was also suffering with terrible depression, which I have never had before. My GYN prescribed Lexapro, and I've always been against taking an SSRI because of the side effects and feeling like I could just ""work through"" the anxiety, but the depression was debilitating. I forced myself to take the first pill, and the next day, I realized I wasn't under a cloud of stress anymore. It worked well for about 3 weeks, and then I was irritable and the anxiety was back. I just started on 20mg and feel optimistic. Only minor side effects: headache, some nausea the first few days, insomnia. I've lost weight, which is a plus!"
4912	9.0	So I'm on my week three of starting this and I have ups and downs about this mostly ups I have had anxiety for about for five years now never have taken anything for it because I've always been afraid of medication but this pill actually helps. The only downfall is I'm on week three right now and I have a little dizziness and the heart palpitations. I don't know if that's normal or not I'm going to talk to my doctor about it soon I know. Talking to people is the easiest thing specially with anxiety.
4913	1.0	This medication is possibly good for thousands of patients but gave me agitation and hot feet after  using only for only  3 days . These symptoms might happened to others as any medicine probably cause reaction to any individual.
4914	5.0	So far, I'm still in the beginning stages of taking this medication. I've had anxiety a lot in my life but about a month ago I had a really bad anxiety attack causing me to have the worse attacks every single day. Finally I was prescribed 10mg and taken half to get adjusted. The symptoms and side effects have been horrible. But I've only been on it for 3 days. Seems like I have good moments and seem more calm. But at night it's harder to fall asleep and the mornings I'm more anxious. I'm totally exhausted and my feet and legs are tingling the night before but that is almost gone today. I stay positive . I'm hoping I see positive effects. 
4915	8.0	I've suffered from SEVERE ANXIETY the last 8 yrs after my mom passed away when I was only 15. I was embarrassed to go to the doctors to even ask for help. I close myself from being around other people  because I don't want them to feel weird around me. I took 20 mg for the first time today of this medicine. I feel different..more relaxed..and more energized and settle. I hope it continues to work this good 4me. Its only my first day but I'm loving it already!
4916	8.0	Lexapro was a miracle drug for me as far as treating my severe health anxiety and PTSD.  It gave me my life back. I can truly say I was my normal self 98% of the time. However it caused me to have extreme muscle tension and headaches. I was even diagnosed with TMJ and was sleeping with a mouthguard at night. Weaning off Lexapro was horrific for me. It took a good 3 months for all the withdrawal symptoms to subside. Thankfully the headaches and stiff jaw got better as well. I'm sad I can't take Lexapro anymore. It saved my life. I'm about to start on Prozac. We'll see what happens.
4917	9.0	I'm someone that has been generally anxious for my whole life with spells of depression sprinkled in. Recently I thought I had been improving with my anxiety but then I had a panic attack, out of the blue, with no rhyme or reason; it just happened. I was afraid this would affect my work so I finally pushed myself to see a psychiatrist, who suggested that Lexapro would be an appropriate option. I started taking it and had some nasty side affects (no appetite, nausea, slight dizziness, jitters, tenseness) for the first two days but after that I noticed how well it was working. My anxiety has lessened immensely and it's giving me a second chance I never knew I wanted. I'm still in the first week of trying it but it's worked excellently so far!
4918	9.0	"I have been on this for 4 months now and LOVE the results. I used to lay awake for hours worrying about everything and my negative thoughts made it impossible to sleep. Then there were the nightmares and panic attacks etc.
There is only one real negative side effect and that is that I can no longer orgasm. My libido used to be through the roof! Now I am unable to get aroused...nothing works. It's extremely frustrating. 
I have also gained weight. The good thing is, I am always in such a good mood that I fail to care."
4919	8.0	Just passed week four marker on 10 mg, and am experiencing subtle but positive changes. The first week and one half was a bit disconcerting, as the heart palpitations I had increased, and my anxieties seemed to be amplified. I also developed a headache that nothing could touch, that lasted about four days. Thereafter things calmed and about week three I began to notice periods of time when I became more mellow, and my interactions with those around me seem more positive than before. Now that mellowness has expanded somewhat, though it is not consistent, nor do I feel any haziness or loss of focus when needed. No weight gain, no sexual side effects.
4920	10.0	I went through a life threatening situation. I couldn't sleep, eat nor get my body out of flight fight mode no matter all that I tried (yoga, meditation, accupuncture, herbal remedies) I got sick and tired of the every day battle with my mind and body so I sought medical help. It was the best thing I ever did! Cipralex took 6 weeks to kick in @5mg dose (I took clonazepam to counter the increased anxiety side effects for first 2 weeks). I got brain zaps, spacey headed, sleepy and had dry mouth. It all went away within 3 weeks. I Took it for a year.. A slow wean is key to minimize coming off side effects. I did it over  4 months. It takes time to build up on your system, don't give up as weeks 1-4 are rough. After that, you reap the benefits
4921	5.0	I started having frequent panic attacks and anxiety spikes and my doctor suggested Lexapro. I had really bad nausea and lack of appetite the first week and had to force myself to eat to ease the hunger pains. After that subsided, I had a lot of muscle tension and soreness. It felt like my whole body was vibrating as if being electrically shocked. I was fidgeting all day, sitting in unusual postures, mistyping far more than usual, and knocking things over on my desk. After four weeks the panic attacks had stopped and my anxiety had improved slightly, but the muscular side-effects had me even more worried. I called my doctor and he switched me back to Sertraline. Tapering off Lexapro made the vibration and tension go away almost immediately.
4922	10.0	A miracle pill! I am 23 years old &amp; I had anxiety since childhood. It exceeded to an extent that I was unable to carry out my daily routine. I visited my therapist and he prescribed me this pill. I was reluctant to take it at first. 1st week was so bad! I could not function well because of nausea &amp; drowsiness. Into the 2nd and 3rd week, drowsiness and nausea subsided but I was concerned about the sexual side-effects. I had trouble maintaining an erection and I could not orgasm at all. Into the 4th week, I experience no side-effects. My orgasms have returned, and they have returned stronger. I can last significantly longer in bed &amp; most of all, my anxiety levels have dropped down to almost non-existent levels. I'm currently in the 5th week.
4923	10.0	I began taking 5 mg of lexapro 10 days ago, for postpartum depression/anxiety. It has been a lifesaver. The initial side effects faded within a week. I take it in the morning, because I knew that it would possibly make me jittery at first. I had tiredness in the afternoon and evening and a loss of appetite for the first 5 days, but those have faded completely. I searched and searched for positive reviews on this drug for postpartum depression/anxiety and could not find any. If anyone is on the fence about taking medication for postpartum depression, please consider it for a temporary aid in getting you past it.
4924	10.0	I was prescribed Lexapro after some fairly rough depression and anxiety. I had been in the hospital 3 times in 2 weeks for anxiety attacks. The first day after Lexapro, I felt the depression gone. Literally the first day. However, the first 3-4 weeks were rough. I definitely had nausea and was VERY sleepy. But after about a month, the nausea and sleepiness went away. A nurse at our doctor's office basically told me to suck it up, and that I had to give the medicine time to work. I toughed it out, and after about 6 weeks, it was like a cloud was lifted and I have felt AMAZING ever since. I didn't realize that I have probably had depression and/or anxiety for decades until I found out what it was like to feel great. Still great after a year.
4925	9.0	I have been on lexapro for 7 months and it has helped me greatly! I was on Paxil previously and gained 20kg so asked to change medication. Lexapro has stopped the panic attacks and made me feel more confident, I can now go to the shops on my own, drive places on my own and hang out with friends without thinking the worse will happen. Only thing is I've gained about 8kg and I cannot lose the weight. I had no side effects what so ever when I started, maybe it's because I was previously on Paxil, but I didn't have any side effects apart from weight gain with that either. So if you are feeling nervous about starting this medication because of the side effects don't be, you might be one of the lucky ones who don't get side effects.
4926	1.0	I was prescribed lexapro about a year after my assault. I took only one pill. It made me feel worse than the anxiety it self. I was in a daze all day not sure how I made to college that day and back home. Walking was like I was drunk and the overall feeling inside me was horrible. what a waste of $65.00 back then.
4927	8.0	"I was pretty bad before taking this medication. I was depressed and socially anxious, I would even dissociate. After taking it initially I felt ""lighter"". After couple of weeks slowly I got better and better. I got a job, was not afraid of people and was feeling happy. Side effects were getting fat(at the end of the treatment) and insomnia (at the beginning of the treatment but it went away after a week or so). Another downside was that I was still anxious under the surface but having in mind how bad I was before that it was a miracle. After stopping it the symptoms of SAD came back. Currently on no meds and with social anxiety. Took it for 6 months. It got me out of hell."
4928	10.0	"I suffer from depression and anxiety. I was on a number of meds before my doctor put me on Lexapro.. they were all horrible and made my anxiety worse. I was starting to lose hope that I would never find a medication to help. Thankfully Lexapro is helping! It's a lifesaver!! I could tell a difference after the first day..I'm much more ""normal"" I don't fly into a rage so easily, I don't feel overwhelmed constantly and I'm not irritated all the time for no reason. My moods are much more stable. Before Lexapro I seriously felt like I was losing it. My husband even told me he notices a huge difference in me since being on this. I'm also prescribed klonopin for my anxiety but since being on Lexapro I haven't had a need to take it. I love Lexapro!"
4929	1.0	Not Good
4930	9.0	I've struggled with anxiety for years and worried about everything!  I finally tried escitalopram!  One of the best things I ever did!  I was so scared of living in a fog from past experiences with anxiety meds.!   In the first week I found 10mg to be to much, so I started cutting down to 2 mg!  When I was ready or felt anxiety sneaking on me again I would up it another 2 mg!  Yes all the side affects are real and possible!  But after 4 to 5 weeks I was able to level out!  I gave it my best shot and it was worth it in the end!  I'm now taking 10mg daily!  hope this was helpful
4931	9.0	I have suffered from Anxiety and Panic attacks since my 20's sporadically. Now in my 40's recurrence has significantly increased due to a series of personal events to a point that I was starting to be afraid of being alone.  I was hesitant to initiate medication but 3 weeks into it I feel the best I have felt in a long time. The first two weeks are tough, with nausea, dizzyness and headaches but it is worth it.
4932	9.0	I take 10mg daily beginning two years ago for anxiety. The only side affect was for the first week. All I wanted to do was sleep. My body relaxed so much, I was not sleep deprived anymore. Afterwards it levelled off. My Dr. and I keep constant checkups and it's working out great.
4933	10.0	I have dealt with bad anxiety for the last 6 years. I began having moderate depression as well and decided I had to try medication. I had a drug abuse problem prior, so I knew I didn't want to start taking benzodiazepines again for the anxiety. I was prescribed escitalopram and it seriously changed my life. My psychiatrist was right when saying that it doesn't make you feel happy, but it slows down your brain just enough so that you can let thoughts come and go, rather than ruminating on the negative ones. The only side effect I had was that it kept me up at night so I took it in the morning. Please give it a try if everything else has failed. You can always come off of it slowly if you don't see results!
4934	6.0	Lexapro was a life saver for me. It helped me complete every day tasks that I could not do before taking this drug. I've tried nearly every other SSRI but this one was the best. The only negative part about this drug is the withdrawal symptoms. They are HORRIBLE. I recently found out I was pregnant and I had to cut down my dose according to my Dr. I was super dizzy, very faint and unable to leave my house. If I didn't have to stop these drugs, I would still be okay. However, slowly weening off these drugs have caused me to slip in a horrible anxious state.
4935	10.0	"I was suffering some weird feeling last month. Had 2 panic attacks and I think it came from too much stress and thinking about my health. Scheduled a check-up with a Psychiatrist and he prescribed me Morcet (Escitalopram) &amp; Rivotril (Clonazepam). First few days, I felt the some minor side effects (yawning, anxiousness etc). After a week, I felt better. A little anxious sometimes, but more controlled. I only take 10 mg a day (after breakfast) and 500 mcg of Clonazepam before bedtime.

Will be back to my Psychiatrist after a month to discuss and taper my medication since I think I can manage now my anxiety/panic attacks without medication. Miracle drugs!!!"
4936	10.0	"6 months on Lex for Anxiety . First days terrible but can not describe how amazing this drug is. It has brought back the old me! I am a hard worker again. I am the fittest and leanest I've been. I no longer suffer over eating which was a side effect of my anxiety. Happy again! 
Definitely suggest taking 5mg at first and working way up. 
If I'm having a hard time at work I sometimes up to 10mg but 5 is good and doesn't ruin my sex drive (it does die on 10mg though!)."
4937	10.0	I've been using lexapro for about 4 weeks now. The doctor started me out on 5mg and then after 3 weeks rose it to 10mg. She wanted to make sure I wasn't having any negative side effects. My anxiety was something that was constant. I would have panic attack and on occasion I would purge my food from the anxiety. Today I don't feel the constant anxiety, haven't had a panic attack, and haven't had the urge to purge. I never thought I would wake up everyday and feel as happy and ready to take on the day as I do. I completely recommend this medication and you really do have to take it for a few weeks to notice change. I get it's not for everyone but it worked for me and I'm forever grateful to be here alive and thrivin'!
4938	8.0	I developed severe panic attacks. I felt like I was dying or going to pass out. Something was seriously wrong with me.  Logically I knew nothing was going to happen but then the panic came anyone I left the house. Shaking, sweating, disorentation, couldn't breathe etc etc. Starting lexapro was hard. I started at small dose of 5mg and had to adjust to it. Nothing more than I already felt. After about 2 weeks I started to not notice I was taking anything.  And then all the sudden I was at a store and I forgot to panic,  I felt fine.  I do have panic attacks still they are not gone but better.  There are situations I still can't handle but daily living,  going to work, school function,  dinner etc I can now do.
4939	9.0	Before lexapro I spent the majority of my time sleeping in bed and hiding away from people, plus I felt really depressed.  It's really good for anxiety.  I rarely worry anymore.   I only focus on solutions and try not to worry about the things I can't control, and lexapro has helped me feel more emotionally balanced.
4940	8.0	"I have been taking lexapro for about six months now.  I was put on it for a panic attack and mild depression.  I am someone who never takes meds unless I have too and was very worried about being on this drug because I feared the side affects when it would be time to get off.
I decided on therapy and lexapro.  I am only on ten milagrams, 39 and petite.  I can't say that this drug has caused me weight gain but if I am extra hungry I choose a healthier snack.  I will say that the first few days of taking the med I did feel tired,  and tense in my arms but I will say the panic attack attributed to that.  I am doing great I am more relaxed and happier .  Therapy is key too.  Hang in there and talk to someone!!"
4941	2.0	"I have been taking these since 2011- 2016. At first they helped decrease my panic attacks but it came with a price. The negative side effects were emptiness, fogginess, poor concentration, worsening social skills, apathy, constant worrying, mania. I was really unmotivated to do things, I didn't care about anything. I just wanted to workout and eat which also didn't make me happy. I didn't realize it was because of these pills until I started switching to zoloft. 

Now I feel much better. Also I got frequently gastritis from them. Glad I'm off them, feel like they stole years from my life without me knowing. I didn't notice they caused all this probably because I was have so many panic attacks frequently when I started with them."
4942	10.0	"I was once you, anxiously reading reviews for Lexapro. I began getting severe anxiety and mild depression and my doctor recommended 10mg of Lexapro. I have never liked taking drugs, but I felt like it was my only choice.
The first 2-3 weeks my experience worsened. Every side effect you could have, I had. Drowsiness, sleep problems, nausea, vomiting, decreased libido, constant yawning, the list goes on. However it started to lighten up every week. By Week 6, every side effect was gone.
11 months later and I'm still on 10mg and I can't explain how much my life has improved over the past year. My life is back. I'm happier than ever and enjoying every aspect of life again. It may be hard at the start, but it's worth it. I believe in you! peace"
4943	10.0	IF YOURE READING REVIEWS RIGHT NOW, DEBATING TRYING THIS, DO IT RIGHT NOW. I was so anxious to try this, I thought I was gonna be a zombie. Its only my first day taking it and I just want to let you know the side effects are very doable. Slight nausea, slight headaches, a little confusion, a little more alert. Honestly, if I wasn't paying attention to them I wouldn't even probably notice I'm having side effects....(I'm  sensitive to medications by the way) I say give this a shot, I know new medications can be scary but you never know, it can be your miracle drug.
4944	7.0	I have always had slight anxiety my whole life, then in my early 20's it got very, very bad. Off and on. Last winter was the final straw for me, after many stressful situations, I broke down badly. It was constant. Though by the spring it eased up, during the summer I finally sucked it up and started Apo-Escitalopram. I was prescribed 10 mg but refused to take the whole pill. I only take about 2 mg a day, and have for 6 months. However, that small amount worked well, surprisingly. I noticed after 2 months, situations that would bother me previously only mildly bugged me, if at all. It felt great not to care. Only the past few weeks I have felt it may not be enough, now that it's winter. Considering a small increase.
4945	10.0	Supposed to be 6 weeks to take effect. I felt instantly calmer, happen the NEXT day! Couldn't believe it. Started at 10mg moved to 20 MG in year of use. My problem now is  its been 7 years of working for me but 20mg doesn't have same effect of earlier years. I want to have  increase in MG use. How to I get doctor to do this?
4946	1.0	I hated lexapro I tried it twice with 20mg and had to stop taking it, Every time I took it I threw up a lot, I felt horrible I felt like a zombie, I also had mild hallucinations that were not fun and rapid heartbeat it was just awful.
4947	3.0	The first few days I also (like others have posted) yawned non-stop. I was also sick to my stomach for about a week. The second week in I noticed that I lost the ability to get turned-on as easily by my fiancé which was incredibly annoying for me. She used to be able to have a couple orgasms during sex, and we made love several times a week. I'm really frustrated because I've lost such amazing sensation sexually. I'm going to ask my doctor to taper me off of it, as soon as I can.
4948	9.0	Wow, just wow. It's been almost going on 2 months, and I feel like a completely better person. First of all hang in there. Side effects are hard the first week but you will get levelled out. I go to the gym and don't have an anxiety attack and run out after only 30 minutes thinking I'm dying. The fear factor has went away and that's the first thing I have noticed. My overall mental balance and mood has dramatically improved, I don't feel as off in a chemical imbalanced but more balanced and confident. I don't ever want to get off this.
4949	1.0	I took it on first day 10 mg ! Shaking of body , confusion , vomited 4 times , feeling sick , can't talk as much through mouth due to confusion . Burning sensation in body , passing out . Etc ! Don't take it if it's worse
4950	10.0	My son was a heroin addict which upon learning about it sent me to a very high anxiety level. If he wouldn't answer the phone by the time I drove home in my mind I thought for sure he was dead. This medicine made me normal again no thoughts like before no crying episodes and just calm. I'm on 10 mg been on it 2 years. Just feeling great
4951	10.0	I've had anxiety and severe panic attacks for a year now. 10 mg helped but still had attacks on the weekend. I just started 20 mg so hopefully that will stop them completely! The two weeks of side effects (headache, insomnia) are worth the end result!
4952	1.0	The first 3 days of taking this I couldn't stop yawning!! I was literally yawning about once every minute. This went on for hours, it was incredibly annoying (although I've heard this is a very rare side effect). Finally after 3 days the yawning subsided. On the 4th day I was so nauseous I couldn't even eat. Now I'm 3 weeks in, I still sometimes get nauseous but nowhere near to the extent that I was nauseous on day 4. Also my sex life has drastically taken a hit. I went from being a very sexual person to now not finding any pleasure in sex at all. Also my mind is foggy and I'm very distracted. I'm stopping the medication today because I haven't seen any improvements in my anxiety.
4953	8.0	I've taken escitalopram before and it worked good for my anxiety but I stopped taking it after about two months cause I felt better.  The shortness of breath came back and takes a while to go away.  I can't even exercise anymore due to it.  I had to resign from the fire academy cause my body could not keep up.  I've always been fit.  Anxiety can be really frustrating because of the physical symptoms.   Escitalopram did work for me and fast like within days.  I also had problems having sex, and I love sex.  I was very sexually active in high school and short after until I hit 22.  I'm 28 now.  I have good and bad days, mostly bad.  I want my sex life back, and I want to be able to work out like I used to.  Anyone else have SOB?
4954	10.0	"My only regret is not taking this sooner in life. I suffered with anxiety as well as PMDD that disrupted my life and marriage frequently.
I had tried Cipralex previously but was scared off because I started at full dosage. Upon the guidance of my pharmacist I started 5mg for two weeks and then went up to 10. 
Side effects were minor and went away after a month or so.
I still have some difficulty climaxing and may start taking Wellbutrin as well to negate this. 
Otherwise I am a happy, carefree confident person. I'm social, I have no more social anxiety and very little anxiety in general. I am calm and don't sweat the small things. I hope this continues to work for me."
4955	8.0	I decided to try Escitalopram after battling severe anxiety and depression for over 4 years. The initial side effects were extremely hard to cope with. I personally couldn't work for the first 5 days. I struggled to concentrate, function normally and just slept all the time. After about day 10-11, I was feeling good but a bit zombie-like as if I was living but not really emotionally there. My doctor recommended I start taking 20mg after 1 month of taking 10mg. I'm now on week 9 and feeling somewhat normal again. It's been a trip out to wonder whether this is the actual happy me that went missing or whether everything is just being masked. Overall I am happy and my anxiety and depression has vanished. Still can't cry though.
4956	8.0	"Before I started taking Lexapro I would be anxious constantly and it the anxiety interfered with my daily life. I would avoid events, people, and responsibilities, now I don't do that anymore. I'm generally happier and functioning better in life. I also found that my anxiety opened the door to depression, now thats gone too. It took 2 months to kick in

Side effects: good news is I didn't gain weight on it. My biggest complaint was that it totally killed my sex drive and made it virtually impossible to orgasm, HOWEVER I found out that taking it at night instead of in the morning brought my sex drive back :) I also feel a bit numb emotionally but it's so worth it

I still take .25-.5 mg Clonzepam a few times a week if anxiety flares up"
4957	10.0	Use less benzos now that I'm taking Lexapro. Works well for anxiety!
4958	9.0	I'm on the 3rd month of taking lexapro , started off with 2.5mg every night for about a week, then upped to 5mg and when I saw my doctor again 2 weeks later he told me to try the 10mg and I have been on 10mg ever since. At first it's none stop drowsiness weird random dreams and anxiety and insomnia at night. For a good 4-5 weeks , but after that it's cravings and you eat more and calmly and it gets better! It has work wonders! Hopefully it continues to work!
4959	1.0	I was suffering from severe depression to the brink I was suicidal, finally I sought help and was perscribed lexapro. I felt very nauseous soon after and within a few hours I was in the height of terrifying panic  so much so I begged to be locked up because I was so scared, horrendous hallucinations and I felt like my skin was on fire. I suffered vomiting and diarrhoea for 3 days and basically hid in my room for a number of weeks after.  This was from taking one tablet and have since been diagnosed with GAD which I did not have before.  I'm currently trying reiki yoga counselling and meditation and know I need extta help but I have such a fear after that reaction I don't think I could survive another episode.  Never again
4960	10.0	Like many others I suffer from general anxiety on and off for 10 year and this past winter it got the best of me to the point that I couldn't function. I used xanax 0.5 up to 3 times per day for that episode but that is not the long term solution that I wanted. So I was put on escitalopram 10mg and holy crap it gave me my life back. The first 3 weeks were tough with the nausea, sweating, insomnia, mood swings. BUT if you can stick it out the 3-5th week I noticed a gradual and significant improvement in mood and ability to control thought.Since Week 5 I have been what I consider totally normal for the past 7 months.  I encourage anyone going through this to hang in there it will get better. Listen to your doctors.
4961	1.0	"Experienced hair loss and horrible scalp issues.  Also headaches and weight gain.  
This drug is horrible and should not be allowed on the market."
4962	9.0	"I have severe  constant pain all over from rheumatoid arthritis which has me so crippled in my back, hands, fingers, shoulders, hips, ankles and knees. I am unable to walk and use a walker.  I also have fibromyalgia which causes much pain and mental confusion  sometimes.  My Rheumatologist started me on 10 mg of Lexipro at first two years ago . I felt a bit drowsy for a couple of weeks until my body got used to the medicine.   About four months ago had a hip replacement  and a nightmare arthritis flare up.  The flare up has not subsided yet , so my doctor increased the Lexapro to 20mg each morning and 20 mg each night.  I take it about 8 pm  a little before bed time. 
I haven't noticed any additional side effects .  This drug helps me."
4963	9.0	"I have been on lexapro for generalized anxiety. I started 5mg for 4 wks, just upped it to 10 mg one wk ago.  For the first week I had slight headaches, sweaty palms and hot flashes.  When I went on 10mg I had a little increase in anxiety and trouble staying asleep, but hopefully this passes.   I felt my anxiety decrease the first couple days on it, but the feeling of ""dread""  is just starting to decrease after 4 weeks.  Overall I this medicine is great and I helping me function and live a normal life."
4964	10.0	Wonder drug for me. I have been on and off 10 mg Lexapro for 5 years. Went through withdrawals while weaning myself off through the beginning of 2 pregnancies. Withdrawals feel like you are coming down with something and the world is a scary unknown new place. Brain zaps are weird too. But I went back on the medication after giving birth because I truly am the text book person with generalized anxiety disorder. It consumes every part of my life. I was just upped to 15 mg a week ago because the 10 was just not quite doing it for me anymore. Life has thrown some serious medical conditions our way. My son was diagnosed with cancer, as was my father, and my other son has down syndrome so my anxiety really spiked. The 15 mg has been wonderful.
4965	1.0	This medicine was an extremely horrible experience for me. My doctor prescribed it to me for anxiety and day one sent me off the edge. How I felt during anxiety attacks was how this medication made me feel but fifty times worse. I felt like I drank a million milligrams of coffee and was on pins and needles for 8 hours. After reading these reviews I hate that it didn't have the same affect on me as it did the majority. I hate anxiety but I can't see myself taking another one of those pills EVER.
4966	1.0	I was taking Xanax..0.25 mgs three times everyday for over 13 years. My Dr wanted me to wean off of it so to help thru the process she had me take 5mgs per day of Lexapro (escitolopram).  I kept taking the Lexapro for 1-1/2 years. During this time my Dr raised the dosage to 10 mgs daily. Lexapro wasn't the medicine for me. It caused more anxiety, mood swings and weight gain along with not feeling like myself. With the help of my Dr I weaned off Lexapro over a period of 3 weeks. After the 2nd day of not taking Lexapro I started with constant brain zaps, fatigue, dizziness with vertigo and felt overall awful. This continued for the next 7 weeks but the withdrawal symptoms lessened each week. I am now at the 8th week and feel wonderful!
4967	7.0	Hi Xanny.Yes,I have also experienced bleeding .It is a side effect of escitalopram. As a medical student and a patient of depression ,I know both the drug academically and as a patient. I take vitamin K drugs to counter the prolonged bleeding during periods.
4968	10.0	For me, escitalopram has worked wonders. I have been on it for a month now and have not felt the need to increase my 10mg dose yet. I did experience side effects early on, a little bit spaced out and some jaw clenching but these disappeared by 2 weeks. Having tried citalopram for a week and experiencing increased anxiety with it, I feel escitalopram is a better suited to me.
4969	10.0	I thought I'd write a review as I spent months reading these forum's trying to decide if I should try escitroplam or not. It took me months to get the courage up to take it. I started at 2.5 and bumped up to 5.  I've been on 5 for about 5 weeks now and wow what a difference.  Anxiety and panic attacks minimal and depression lifting. It's a very good drug. The least side effects of all I've tried. Headaches,nausea but that's all. Very happy with this. I was extremely anxious about taking this after a bad experience with prozac but I'm very pleased!
4970	9.0	"After divorcing my wife of 8 years, and all the stuff included with this such as moving, a kid etc, my life completely fell apart.  I felt like I had to start over, and the extreme lonelyness caused extreme anxiety and depression. The anxiety was 24/7 for 1.5 weeks, non stop, intense, could hardly sleep and constantly wanted to die. Had it not been for my daughter I probably would've offed myself. 

After 1.5 months I felt depressed but better and decided to go back to work. Bad idea, anxiety came back with vengence and after 3 weeks I was asked by my doctor to start Escitalopram (she called it Cipralex, but the Escitalopram is a much cheaper generic one, so I got that one)

Had no effect at up 15mg for 1 month. Then 1 week at 20mg YAY !"
4971	8.0	"Have been on and off lexapro for the last 20 years (more on than off). This time I was off the medication from for about 5 months and the anxiety and depression was back even though I had a change of life style, doing plenty of exercise and changing work environments.  For me the side effects were feeling nauseous, insomnia (normally 1 nights average sleep and the next no sleep, constant swallowing which I think is called dry mouth and just feeling miserable for the first 3 weeks.  I'm into my fourth week now and sleeping a lot better and feeling much better in myself.  
If you are having the same side effects, hang in there as life will get a lot better"
4972	9.0	"I am posting an update. I have now been on escitalopram for just under a year and I can say it definitely changed my life. My anxiety is much better and I can do more things. I went back to work and can attend social events again. 
The negatives for me was how long it took for the meds to take effect (it was about 1-2 months of increased anxiety, loss of appetite, loss of sex drive, irritability) then it started to work and I increased my dosage to 15MG which is what I have been on since. I'd say it took about 4-6 months for full effects and now I still feel anxiety but can handle it better. 
Other down side: if I forget my meds for a day or two I definitely feel the effects. I get increasingly dissociated and irritable for no reason"
4973	10.0	this is the most amazing thing I have ever used. I suffer from a panic disorder, and 2 months ago I stated 10mg ciraplax. I now only have 1 panic attack every two weeks whereas i was having 2-3 a day. I dont sweat the small stuff anymore and overall have a better quality of life. only long term side effect I have experienced is complete loss of appetite, and noticeable weight loss (was 5'7 and 118lbs before starting medication, so weight loss isn't beneficial). other then that no noticeable side effects. amazing medication, 100% recommend for anyone suffering from debilitating anxiety
4974	8.0	I was given lexapro 10 mg once per day I have been on it since July as my anxiety was pretty bad I was also given Xanax ( which did noting ) so they gave me Valium ( still had no effect) so j have been just taking lexapro now and it seems to be ok , I still get nervous feeling sometimes but not as bad as they were . In the first two weeks of taking lexapro I felt very sick I got sick a few times and just felt rotten but the Dr did tell that would happen and after about 2 weeks I felt perfect again ,
4975	8.0	So far I'm happy with the Lexapro I had the yawning, drowsy in the afternoons one night consisted of the jitters but half a 5mg valium had me soon settled, and so far only needed it the once. I still don't have much of an appetite at the moment so that's the worst of it all so far fingers crossed it stays that way. I have noticed my anxiety getting better slowly it's only been 1 week on 5mg I don't want to get my hopes up but I guess that's my anxiety way of thinking kicking in.
4976	1.0	"Hi there, I'm 35 years old male, have strong anxiety and panic attacks 5 years ago.
I'm getting worse 2 months ago, I can't go out from home, or stay alone in the house, so my therapist decided we had to change my medication. Before this I took only miratazapine. This time I combined with SSRI
-1st try: 5 mg/day : extreme anxiety-nausea-diarrhea. On the day 7th I quit.
-2nd try: 10 days later, this time with xanax (2x0.5 mg): First 3 days I took 5 mg/day, no side effects. From the day 4th, I took 7.5 mg/day: no diarrhea, but my anxiety getting worse, extreme, non-stop nausea, I ate maybe 1 or 2 bananas/day. From day 15th, side effects still here + I couldn't sleep, feeling tired and depressed. On the 18th I quit.
Not for me."
4977	7.0	I have been taking lexapro for 3 months now and I have definitely seen a noticeable difference as have my coworkers. I am taking a very small dose, only 5mg, and I am 5'5 120lbs. I was prescribed it after talking to my doctor about the anger and anxiety I had been feeling. I would get so angry about small things and even though I could tell I was being ridiculous I couldn't stop myself. I felt like it was affecting my relationship and productivity at work. Although it has not completely gone away and I still feel like I struggle from depression, I have been told by people that I seem happier and I haven't felt such anxiety that I can't focus on anything else in awhile.
4978	9.0	I have a fear of driving and social anxiety when it comes to standing in line etc. did Zoloft for 2 weeks and thought my life was over. Went and changed my meds to lexapro half a pill every night before bed.i feel like me again. Not a different happy weirdo but the old me. I am now on 10mg and it's only been a month but I'm so glad how it's working. A little sweaty but that's about it . I also take blood pressure meds for my anxiety as needed. Before anyone tries xanaex or lorazepam I highly recommend this medicine. No side effects and non habit forming
4979	10.0	I have pretty bad anxiety, with some depression. Sometimes I get so overwhelmed that I feel like my life is falling apart, and it feels so real. When I take my lexapro, I feel so much better. It's just a baseline, it doesn't MAKE me happy, it just allows me to feel like a normal human. I'm most myself when I take my medicine because I can focus on things outside of my own stress and fears. It can make you a little nauseous at first, and I experience some insomnia the first few weeks, but it goes away. SO worth it.
4980	9.0	"I am 21 years old, female. I've been on 10mg for about a week now, and this has done wonders for me. I always felt mad and stressed out over little thing. Now I feel like I have more clarity and control. I feel like a weight has been lifted off of my shoulders. The first day was the worst. I felt like I wanted to throw up all day, yet I stuck through it and I am glad I did. I never knew how much stress had affected my everyday life and routine till I got on the pill and saw the changes it had on my moods and behavior. 

Now I don't snap over little things I use to think were major. I don't cry over things that would upset me. I feel so much more at ease."
4981	5.0	I've been taking 10mgs for two weeks now, the panic attacks are crazy getting them as soon as I wake up and twice as bad. Now my Dr upped me to 20mgs I went through hell when I started now I'm going through it all over again. With my brain feeling like it's jelly feeling like I'm going crazy and shaking so bad. I freaked out and called the hospital as they told me don't quit it's just side affects and stick it out. But thinking I'm just going to stick to the 10mgs and hope the panic attacks will go away but with the higher dose I feel a panic attack starting and it goes away as soon as I feel it started
4982	10.0	"I started on Lexapro after going through a divorce and for anxiety, tension and daily pressures at my job.  The first week I could tell a difference, as I wasnt worrying and agonizing over ""what I still had to do"" every day. I also got back my concentration, which I had lost due to feeling overwhelmed day in, day out.  I felt sleepy the 1st couple of weeks, had mild diarrea  and felt somewhat unemotional . I didn't feel the highs of being happy nor the lows of being sad.  But after about a month, my emotions returned , and the sleepiness and diarrea subsided. The only side effect that really bothered me was I gained 35 lbs, a side effect of most anti-depressants. But the trade off to me was well worth it. I don't stress &amp; I can enjoy life !"
4983	7.0	I feel as if half the time the medicine works really well and then other times that I need a stronger dose to mellow me out. I am currently on 10 mg of escitalopram. I am experiencing bleeding and it is not time for my period so this concerns me. I have been taking this medication for around 4 months now and this side effect just started last week and has continued for close to a week now.its just really strange. Has anyone else experienced bleeding?
4984	1.0	I have been taking this for almost three months for my anxiety. Since I started taking it I have had several headaches, been unable to sleep, had several severe panic attacks, had many small panic attacks, and have felt no difference in my anxiety levels. Maybe this is just my experience but I would not recommend this medicine for anyone with anxiety or panic disorders.
4985	9.0	"The reason for my review is in hope that I can convince someone out there who needs help with their anxiety to try this medication. It seriously has been changing my life. It's only been 2 months and I'm already feeling ""normal"". It took a little less than a month for me to really start feeling happier and less anxious. I used to be very negative because of my anxiety. I never wanted to socialize or do anything. I started a new job, which used to be one of my biggest anxiety triggers. But it has been going so well! I'm social and can talk to my coworkers and customers with confidence and my negative thoughts aren't really there anymore. I'll admit the side effects the first few weeks were horrible! Just stick it out, I promise it's worth it."
4986	10.0	I have been self medicating for years with tramadol. I suffer from anxiety, panic attacks, and depression. I was taking way to much tramadol to cope with life and was spending money I didn't have to buy it! It's a miracle that this drug works so great! I was at the point where all I did was sleep and dodge all things social! I'm only on day 3 and I already feel the pre depression me returning! Oh, I also take vistaril when the panic and anxiery really hits! I've only taken my 10 mg Lexapro and one 25 mg Vistiral this morning and I feel great! It doesn't give me the euphoric feeling that tram does but this is so much better! I almost feel normal! If I feel this great already I can only imagine how much better it'll get!
4987	10.0	I'm writing this for all the people that are about to give up hope.. it took me 3 years to find the right medication.. okay im not 100%yet but I'm getting there. Please do not give up hope.  I've tryed 5 diff types of antidepressents which all had bad side effects &amp; when that keeps happening it makes you want to give up. I was not going to try another type  for months because I thought they was useless.Then I tried Esclitalopram and it saved my life and my sons. It really did. I was in a dark horrible place.My issues was mainly anxiety which then turned into depression, the tablets lifted my mood within around 4 weeks  which then abled me to take steps in overcoming my anxiety, 6months later I'm feeling so much better......You can get through this x
4988	6.0	23/F I was diagnosed with GAD a few months ago and started on generic lexapro, first 5mg/day then up to 10mg/day. It took a few weeks to take effect, but it was incredible at counteracting the anxiety. My self-confidence increased and panic attacks went away completely. The reason I give it a 6/10 and the reason I came off it, however, is because of the sexual side effects. It took away my ability to orgasm, which was extremely frustrating for me. I'm working with my doctor to find a different med to treat my anxiety without the sexual side effects of SSRIs.
4989	9.0	For three years I self medicated with over the counter codeine for anxiety and depression. I never ever wanted to take antidepressants thinking I just needed to eat healthier, .be more social, find a better job, excercise etc.  After several weeks of panic attacks and gaining weight I decided I would fill the script for Lexapro (I got Lexam).  I took 5mg the first night and instantly felt calm, a bit dizzy/dopey and went to bed. The next day I felt spaced out and also defeated for taking them. It felt a bit like walking in water...slow. The next day I felt great! I've been on them a week and no more anxiety, depression. Now I have something to GIVE to my family and friends and can work new Jobs and socialise and connect with strangers.
4990	9.0	"I've been taking 10mg lexapro for anxiety for 5 days now.
Off and on in the past yr my level of anxiety has escalated so much that I thought I might have a nervous breakdown or something. I became anti social and angry. I would break down in tears if I thought about anything for more than 3 seconds. I felt hopeless and helpless.
I also take Adderall xr20MG.
My dr gave me lexapro 10mg  and said I might experience the side effects and call her in 1 wk if it was too much too handle. Headache for a couple hrs was all I experienced. I feel awesome! Like a wet blanket has been lifted off of me. I don't avoid people anymore and I feel like I can face the world and be me again. I think now that the tension is lifted I feel better physically!"
4991	9.0	Lexapro has saved my life. I've been so terrified to take anything for 3 years. My anxiety/panic was almost constant. I got to the point where I was convinced I was gonna be admitted to a mental Institute it was bad. I feared that taking it would make me crazy (esp reading some other reviews) but I got so bad I figured it couldn't get much worse.I feel so much better. If you're like me and afraid to take anything,give it a try.
4992	10.0	I have more of a questions.  i had been on lexapro 20 for 15 years. I had one anxiety attack that lasted a week before I felt better.  I am now on Viibryd the first couple of weeks were great but now I'm so depressed and having anxiety.  Can I just go back to lexapro? Its the weekend and I don't think I can wait until Monday to see my dr.
4993	9.0	"I started lexapro after 3 years of severe anxiety and panic attacks pretty much daily. I was so terrified to take anything fearing it would make it worse or make me crazy. But my anxiety pushed me to major depression from my irrational fears. I kept thinking it's gonna get so bad I'm gonna end up losing my job and becoming homeless. Reviews from others scared me also. Finally I told myself it couldn't get any worse than this. Well it's been 2 weeks and I haven't felt that horrible ""dread"" feeling. I'm way less anxious. It's pretty much saved me. There are side effects.  Tolerable though. Nausea and headaches the first few days. It also causes bad urinary retention and sweating. But to me,they're worth not feeling the way I did."
4994	10.0	Lexapro has helped me so much. I am currently on week 6 of a 10mg dose. 24yr old male.  I felt the effects almost immediately. The first 3 days it gave me extreme ADD. I could not focus on one thing for more than 1 minute. My brain was jumping from thought to thought like never before. After the first week I suddenly had a moment of clarity and was able to focus better than I ever was before. My anxiety and depression in the morning completely went away. I was able to get out of bed. No more driving anxiety or thoughts of self harm. All completely went away. The only negative thing that I have found is one side effect. It now takes a very, very long time for me to reach orgasm during sex. Sometimes not at all. No matter how pretty she is.
4995	9.0	I've been taking Lexapro (escitaploprgram) since February. First, I'd like to mention that you can NOT take this drug for a week or less and expect to magically feel better; I felt really sick the first two weeks on this drug. But you HAVE to give the drug time. For me, I didn't really start noticing the drugs positive effects for about two months. I took Zoloft before this and felt like it made me too tired and absent-minded. Luckily, Lexapro doesn't seem to have this effect (although I do drink caffeinated drinks). I like Lexapro not only because my anxiety and depression is completely gone, but I feel like I can finally handle everything in my life now (I'm a working full-time college student). I highly recommend this drug.
4996	10.0	I have anxiety and depression. Lexapro is the first anxiety medication I have taken since I've only been diagnosed a week ago. I can tell you that by a long shot this medication has helped me. I have major anxiety driving and the first day I was on it, my anxiety driving was 95% gone. I take 10 mg of lexapro and take 50 mg of Tranzadone to sleep at night. Both are very helpful in conjunction. Plus lexapro doesn't make me feel like a zombie !! Win win.
4997	9.0	I took 5mg for three weeks and the upped the dosage to10mg. That was 7 weeks ago. I had very few side effects with the initial start up or when the dosage was upped. The reason I upped the dosage was because I read where 5mg was not therapeutic. My anxiety has disappeared completely. However, I am having a problem with the fatigue. I am going to talk with doctor about taking it at night instead of morning. Possibly need to lower the dosage. My biggest fear is insomnia. I can deal with other side effects but insomnia makes me crazy. The fatigue is not every day but hit bad this afternoon. I am also weaning off clonazepam. I took .5 every other day for four months. This month was .25 every third day. Next month .25 every fourth day.
4998	7.0	"I was prescribed 25mg of escitalopram for my anxiety at work/social anxiety. I had tried before Amitriptyline which is an older medicine for this but it made me really sleepy, literally it would knock me down for 12 hours which was very disruptive.

I started a new job which was demanding and escitalopram kept me calmed and still I was able to think clearly. The problem with it is that as the previous medicine it made me sleepy (I'd come home after work and I'd be exhausted, just wanted to lie in bed and read). Also I gained lots of weight, it made me less active (stopped gym) and made me crave carbohydrates which caused this. It did work though. My doctor has switched me to Zoloft, when I have more info I'll write on that"
4999	10.0	I had immediate results.I definitely felt less edgy just 3 days into my 10mg nightly dose. I had a headache first two days but took pain relief and it knocked it out. So far it has already provided relief from my constant anxiety and edginess.
5000	10.0	I started this med after I found out my husband had affair. I was lost, didn't want to live. All I wanted to do was cry. Been on this medicine for around 3 months, 10 mg to start w/ now up to 20mg. This medicine has been a lifesaver for me. It has even helped save my marriage. I have Been the happiest I have been in awhile! I really love this medication, I finally got myself out of the darker place I was in, the place I hope to never go back to. I'm feeling much stronger day by day. Still have a few moments where I think about what he did but I can deal with it, we deal with it. My depression is about completely gone, my work at my job has improved, I can socialize with others now with no problem. Life is looking better.
5001	1.0	"Having been diagnosed with general anxiety disorder over ten years ago and taking Xanax 1 mg. twice a day, I was surprised when my doctor prescribed Lexapro, not instead of, but in addition to.  He said it was a mood stabilizer, but I know its and SSRI generally used as an anti-depressant.  Medical guidelines now require, or at least I've been told as much by my doctor, that primary physicians are required to ask questions regarding mental health.  I was asked, ""Have you in the past two weeks lost interest in your normal activities?""  No.  ""Have you in the past two weeks had thoughts of suicide?""  No.  Still, he prescribed the Lexapro and I started taking it.  The side effects were horrible.  Every symptom of depression, which I didn't have"
5002	10.0	"I am on day 6 of taking Lexapro and I must say that I am very pleased with the results so far. My husband is deploying and I began experiencing panic attacks and anixiety back in May. I thought it was just me and I could brush it off or ""get over it"". As time went on, I noticed that my symptoms became worse. I was crying everyday, worrying, panic attacks, aniexty attacks and having intrusive thoughts, which began to make me extremely depressed. I had no energy, insomnia, crying, mentally exhausted and no appetite. I finally broke down and went to my GP and told him what was going on. He recommended several different anti-depressants. I had been reading about the different anti-depressants and found that Lexapro got the best reviews. I was reluctant to begin taking meds but thought I had no choice. I know it might be premature but I feel 100% better that I did a week ago. The only side effect that I experienced was a insomnia for the first 3 nights, loss of appetite and no libido. I didn't have much of a libido to begin with, so it doesn't bother me. I didn't experience nausea like I read on other reviews. I am slowly getting my appetite back and sleep so good at night. It makes a little groggy first thing in the morning but once I get up and get going, I'm good. I take 10 mg every morning. My doctor wants me to increase my dosage to 20 mg after 2 weeks but I will wait and see how I feel. I highly recommend this medication. It has really helped me. I feel so much better!!!"
5003	10.0	"I was having terrible mood problems and depression. The doctor prescribed me Lexapro...and I guess I never realized I even suffered from anxiety until now. 
The results were beyond amazing---mood has been lifted noticeably...but the kicker...and VERY unexpectedly-my cervical pain was reduced by about 97% -and tension I dealt with nearly daily (I thought from the imperfection of my cervical vertebrae-because I had a 2-level fusion about 11 years ago and they've spotted a slight bulging recently in the C4 vertebrae, which is right above the fused level) and I could finally-FINALLY-get off of pain medication, after relying on it for a decade to make my days bearable! Many yrs of pain mgmt.-and an unexpected med takes care of nearly 100% of it!"
5004	5.0	I have only been on this medication (5mg) for a few days.  If it were not for the reviews I would feel like I am losing my mind.  So far I've been nauseous, moody, and yawning alot.  Although there are headaches they are not as frequent, however I have been experiencing diarrhea several times of day, loss of appetite, and fatigue.  I was really struggling with anxiety and hesitant to try these pills, but will continue to hang in there for now.  I hope they work.  Thanks for sharing your experiences.
5005	10.0	I thought Lexapro wasn't going to help my anxiety but after about 3 weeks it made a huge difference. I feel like I'm living again!
5006	8.0	I am 23 and have had extreme anxiety/panic since around 20.  I am super sensitive to meds/ side effects.  I have tried so many AD and none have worked.  Recently I have tried Remeron but had to switch due to drowsiness- I have hypersomnia.  Lexapro by far has taken away my worrying mind more than anything which is amazing.  The first month was pretty horrid besides that though.  Constant nausea, yawning, worsened anxiety at first, headaches.  I still have some nausea and now I have noticed extreme drowsiness again. I really love how it helps my anxiety, but (like always) the side effects really bother me.  Try it out, get thru the 1st month. If you don't have bad side effects its the best anxiety med I have ever had.  Good luck!
5007	10.0	I started getting anxiety my first year of college. I had previously had mild anxiety, but it was not as debilitating. I was constantly worrying what others thought about me and had obsessive thoughts. I started on 10mg of lexapro and it completely changed my outlook on life. I did not realize how fun life could be before I lived it without the looming cloud of anxiety. It also helped tremendously with anxiety surrounding the intrusive thoughts. Some things that WORSENED my anxiety while on lexapro were birth control pills (hormone imbalance worsens anxiety) and hard alcohol. I take 1/2 tsp inositol powder (a type of vitamin) and probiotics that seem to help my anxiety and depression in addition to the lexapro.
5008	9.0	"Well after 4 weeks I feel great. 46 yrs old suffered from Anxiety all my life and just had enough of living in flight or fight mode.

I was very anxious about taking any medication, reading all the  reviews prior Not sure if that helped. I didn't want to just rely on a drug but make some life style changes at the same time . So I went to the docs and asked to be reffered to a councillor. This was very beneficial as I was determined to get some tools to help with underlying issues. Lastly started moderate excersize. All this helped but like others I can say around 4 weeks, I fealt a big difference kick in. Dealing with day to day challenges , I feel just more in control and don't get the physical stress triggers.
I hope the above has helped"
5009	6.0	Only took 2.0 mg first time &amp; 2.0 mg in evening.  So 4mg altogether daily.  Instant relief upon first dose.  Immediate. Gave me headache first dose for about 3 hours but after that all good for 3 days.  On 4th day got another headache in evening for few hours.  Last night took it at about 10pm, got to sleep but woke up at 4am couldn't get bk to sleep til 7am.  Gives u vivid dreams that feel real.  I wouldn't recommend starting with any more than 2.5mg or 4mg max split in two doses at least 8-10-12 hrs apart. 2.0mg each dose max. I'm thinking of making my evening dose just 1mg or bc it's much stronger and more of an upper than celexa. Does makes u feel tired but the anxiety is gone, less hypersensitive but can be too 'high' agitating.
5010	9.0	I'm in my early 30's and never had a problem with depression or anxiety until I lost my mother to cancer 18 months ago.  I fell into a depression after that and my doctor prescribed me generic lexapro for short term depression ( as it has never been an issue).  I noticed within 2 weeks that I felt better...I had more energy, etc.. Not liking the idea of being on meds, I weaned off it after 6 months.. I still had withdrawal symptoms (electric shock feeling).  Well after that my husband left me and that combined with the loss of my mother was too much to bear. I was miserable. I only left the house to go to work and it was difficult to pull myself out of bed.  As soon as I got home I would throw on pj's and just lay on the couch. PAGE 1 of 2
5011	4.0	Positive
5012	5.0	"I have had exaustion, stress and anxiety for a few months now and recently the anxiety got worse and for the first time in my life I had a panic attack twice in one day. I went to hospital and the doc prescribed the meds but I was afraid to start taking them. I also saw a therapist who also thought I could get past this without meds. After I had a bad panick attack at night I decided to start taking them..Its been 3 days and I have hardly slept and have nausea especially in the evenings and at night..Im feeling less anxious but I really need to sleep because I have to go back to work tomorrow.
Please tell me this gets better because my doc said she is only putting me on these for 2 weeks then we will review and see if I can go off them"
5013	9.0	I have had panic attacks for years after trying many other a it depressants that made this worse Lexapro was my magic pill I have had a 90% reduction in acute panic disorder and general anxiety, with this drug I'm normal person again and I have my life back.  I'm my opinion this is a blockbuster drug and I'm so thankful to the chemist that created it.  Thank you for giving me my life back!  &lt;3
5014	10.0	I had been experiencing milder depressive symptoms for a couple of months, but then suddenly one morning I woke up with all the physical symptoms of a panic attack, which I'd never had before (never had any anxiety symptoms before), and symptoms persisted almost nonstop for 4 days until I could get in with my doctor. I wasn't having anxiety about any one specific thing, I just felt hopeless and like I'd lost control of my thinking. She prescribed me klonopin for immediate relief (big help) and the generic version of lexapro (10 mg) to actually address the problem in tandem with counseling. I'm only a week in but feeling LIKE MYSELF and so much better in general. Had some headaches and sleepiness/yawning in the first week but lessening now
5015	10.0	Lexapro has changed my life....I am an alcoholic who could never be in social situation without drinking...when I became sober I isolated myself from crowds, friends, working etc until I found lexapro which has cured me of my anxietities and I can now have a normal life without drinking.  I'm the me I was before I started drinking and couldn't be happier.  I also hear people say they've gained weight I have actually lost five pounds doing my normal activities and eating healthy 
5016	7.0	I started taking this med for anxiety a few weeks ago. I had a few side effects like nausea and headaches and I wasn't sure if it was doing anything. I talked to my doc and he added xanax for 10 days to jump start the Lexapro. It has helped a lot. What mostly helped with my side effects was taking the meds late evening. Now i have no side effects and feel great.
5017	9.0	Excellent results--very calming effect
5018	8.0	I've been taking lexapro for about a year now and it seems to help a lot with my social anxiety. I don't think about nor care what people think as much as I used to. But it does make me kinda have like no emotion toward people's feeling &amp; what not. Which is a downside. But I used to be afraid of big crowds. I wouldn't really want to be around people but at the same time I did because I wanted to have friends and be outgoing but it was extremely hard for me. Also I had like mild depression, always negative thoughts. But since I've been taking it it's definitely made me more positive and more friendly. Before I would always worry about everything and when I say everything I mean everything lol. With out it I do have bad withdrawal &amp; it sucks.
5019	10.0	"I started it to treat depression from life circumstances and anxiety, specifically health-related anxiety (""hypochondria"") and it's turned my life around. Yes there have been side effects, but ones I can live with for now. At first I felt tremendously tired, that lasted about a week. It happened again when I upped my dose due to being depressed over the winter months. Sexual side effects happened in the beginning but went away. The tiredness went away. I'm so much more normal now. I went from being a total wreck and thinking I was dying every day/crying about everything to functioning normally again. The only side effect that still bothers me is a feeling of dizzyness or lightheaded and almost ""not being there"" sometimes, forgetfulness."
5020	7.0	Been taking these meds for 2 weeks now. I was diagnosed with mild aspergers syndrome as a very small child and have had problems with anxiety &amp; my overall mental health for most of my life. Just recently, I started to have panic attacks (scariest thing ever, I thought I was dying). So while I'm waiting to see a shrink, my GP prescribed me an antideppressant. It has significantly decreased my anxiety &amp; sadness. It is also excellent as a pain-killer (I have ankylosing spondylitis/arthritis too). Worked far better then any NSAID I have taken. Side effects are harsh though. I felt tipsy &amp; nauseous the first time I took it. Diarrhea. Nightmares. Severe restlessness. Racing thoughts. High sex drive that negatively interferes with day to day life.
5021	10.0	First let me say I am super sensitive to all medications, I tried zoloft, efflexor, prozac, paxil, wellbutrin, and some others and could not tolerate them. I started on Celexa which I only had short nausea episodes. My anxiety and depression was better but I still felt a little foggy. (Started at 1/4 of 20mg upto 1/2 of 20mg) . My doctor switched me right over to lexapro (1/4 pill of 10mg),  same except there is one less molecule taken out  I did this for about 2 weeks,then I went up to 1/2 of 10mg(5mg) other than nausea for a short time the first day I felt okay. As the days went on it has been better and better. I also take Xanax .25mg but find that I rarely need it anymore. Start with baby doses, it was super easy for me! Best of luck
5022	7.0	"I have only been taking Lexapro a few days, but I can tell a bit of improvement, but as of now I still get paranoid or to say anxious which makes me exhausted. And I'm not  much on going around people a lot, just one on one conversations with a friend or relative. Hoping and praying it works like a lot of post here which are positive. Hoping to gain weight, for I'm at 113pds....when I was 130, Yea lost quite a bit of weight...the lexapro im hoping will give me a better appetite which I've read it does. 

This is an update on day 6, I slept full 8 hours and that was with getting off to sleep with help of xanax. But really feel better and have some energy and some of the worry is gone...and hoping to get better. Going to keep taking it."
5023	1.0	My psychiatrist prescribed Lexapro to treat general anxiety, which it barely impacted, and since starting it 4 weeks ago I've become severely depressed and spend all day contemplating suicide. I don't know if it's entirely the medicine's fault, or if it even had anything to do with it, but it certainly hasn't helped me with anything, and I can't find anything online about it actually worsening depression instead of treating it.
5024	9.0	Have had anxiety for a few years but the last couple months it started taking over my life, couldnt go shopping cause id have a panic attack at the counter.My work life become unbearable, to the point i wouldnt go to work.So i started drinking to help me and it did at first. But the more i drank the more out of control my life become,Was like watching a slow moving car crash an i couldnt do anything.thats when i knew i needed help. Have been on 10ml escitalopram for 4 days now and i feel great woke this morning feeling like a cloud has been lifted, my anxiety lvl is 5 from a 10. So this drug might not be a miracle drug but its helping me live just that little bit better
5025	10.0	Lexpro is the best medication. I had no life befor Lexpro. I used to suffer for 8 years from anxiety and panick attacks. I was always scared from anything. The doctor asked me to try Lexpro I was so afriad of medications, I thought medications would never help me. I used think that I will help my self to stop thinking about it. I thought they were all thoughts in my mind and I have to change them I used to get panick attacks everday when I'm sleeping. I would recommend anyone to try this medication because this medication will safe your life if you have anxity I have been 10 mg for months then 15 for 2 months and 4 months for 20 Mg and am still taking it. And I will never stop taking it
5026	2.0	"I have extreme anxiety and major depression. For me, all SSRI's, SSNRI's make me feel extremely weird. Almost as if my body feels ""too good"" but not in a good way. The only way to describe it is like jolts of electric shocks throughout my body that feel good. Also when I yawn or take a deep breath my teeth start to chatter. It also creates extreme erectile dysfunction for me to the point where it burns when I urinate. Unfortunately these are symptoms I cannot put up with, even though it does work."
5027	9.0	"This is my second time on Lexapro. I took a 6 month break because I am not usually one for long-term medicine and it was causing me to gain weight.

However, I am too a point in my life where I feel like my GAD is just going to slowly kill me if I don't keep it under control (I am 26). Anyway, I've never had any side-effects to this drug other than weight gain. And, I hope it's not the placebo effect, but I swear this stuff works the first day. I can feel my anxiety riddled, tense muscles loosening more and more. Give it a try! It's worth a shot to feel better!"
5028	8.0	"After months of cbt with my psychologist for severe anxiety and panic disorder i decided to seek help from a psychiatrist. 
I was perscribed 5mg then 10mg of lexapro to start and it gradually incresed to 20mg. 
In the first few days i had never felt worse. More frequant and severe panic attacks and my general anxiety went through the roof and i had the most extreme feeling of hopelessness. I was a mess and calling my drs telling them i needed to stop taking it. They reassured me these side affects would go away within weeks, and they did. I continued with the cbt, mindfullness, lifestyle changes and stayed on the lexapro and within months i felt i was back to my normal self. Post like these kept me going. Hang in there, you're not alone!"
5029	8.0	"Started Lexapro 2006 for acute anxiety &amp; depression. Within days I felt a shroud of darkness lift. After 12 months I felt it was changing me into a person with less emotions, so I went off it. Within a few weeks I felt a sharpness and sensitivity that had been missing but, any negative occurrences gave me intense anxiety.
In late 2008 the GFC hit me hard. I was paralyzed with fear and had thoughts of suicide. In desperation I went back on lexapro and again, all the anxiety and fear went away. After a couple of years I went off it again and felt reasonably OK.
Issues in 2013 caused me to attempt suicide. I survived and went back on Lexapro. I may have less emotions, but I can now deal with life. Strangely, It also fixed my AF heart condition"
5030	3.0	Been on this med 9 weeks still feel no better had awful side effects  still getting them worse  one burning tingling arms not sleeping don't know what to do anyone else had this
5031	5.0	I've been on lexapro for months now but recently i have been experiencing bad nausea at night only. Im thinking about switching if it doesn't stop (night 3)
5032	6.0	I started this medication six months ago 10 mg. My anxiety improved quickly and the side effects as well. sadness, stomach burning, nausea,burping, stomach pain etc. I cut it to 5 mg but  still experiencing bad side effects. I tried to quit and after 10 days my anxiety came back with vengeance and I was forced to go back to 5 mg. My doctor says that it is up to me. Now I'm stuck and more confused. If I take it then my side effects bother me a lot and if I quit then my anxiety kills me.
5033	4.0	I've been on lexapro for five days now and I've never felt more anxious in my life, I haven't been eating and when I do eat nothing stays in my stomach long, my sleeping has been a nightmare, maybe 5 hours a night if I'm lucky, and I'm shaky all through the night and partially through the day, I feel like I'm going crazy but I keep reading reviews that side effects are awful then subside and the medication is great, I'm just really feeling like I'm losing it here
5034	8.0	"Hi Everyone, 
I am a 22 yr old female and I have been on 10mg of lexapro for 2 weeks now and I thought I'd share my experience although  everyone will react to medication differently. The first three days were awful. Nauseous to the point where I could barely move, terrible headaches, incredible hunger, yawning constantly and waking up all through out the night. On the 4th day most the side effects just stopped. Mostly the headaches and nauseous feeling. You really have to push through the initial side effects. All the racing thoughts immediately stopped, I am so much more calm, no more mood swings, social situations no longer bother me, I am just generally happier. I will also mention that I had none of the sexual side effects."
5035	8.0	"Hi Everyone, 
I am a 22 yr old female and I have been on 10mg of lexapro for 2 weeks now and I thought I'd share my experience although  everyone will react to medication differently. The first three days were awful. Nauseous to the point where I could barely move, terrible headaches, incredible hunger, yawning constantly and waking up all through out the night. On the 4th day most the side effects just stopped. Mostly the headaches and nauseous feeling. You really have to push through the initial side effects. All the racing thoughts immediately stopped, I am so much more calm, no more mood swings, social situations no longer bother me, I am just generally happier. I will also mention that I had none of the sexual side effects."
5036	10.0	I use to get in fights all the time!!  My doctor prescribed Lexapro and I haven't been in a fight in 2 straight days.
5037	10.0	I've had panic and anxiety really bad for 18 years. Some days where ok and other days where terrible . I forgot really what normal felt like. In 2012 it just got worse. Panic attacks every day.  I couldn't control it no more. I broke down and seeked help. My Dr put me on lexpro.  I was super scared at first to take it because of all the storys on the internet about it. I had a few side effects, but nothing to bad.  Best thing I ever did. Been on lexpro for over two years now and not one single panic attack. I feel like a totally normal person, it's great. My life improved 100%, and that's no lie.
5038	10.0	"I am updating my last 8 star review of a week or 2 ago below in thread.

Update:  The sleep disruption/insomnia  (oftentimes waking 2-4 am and not getting back to sleep) subsided after 3 weeks of starting the generic form of Lexapro (on 10 mg for almost a month).   I am sleeping well again without assistance from Xanax.  I haven't taken X in 5 nights and sleeping my usual 7 hours.  It's wonderful.  No anxiety either.  Give this drug a chance if you can stick out the sleep problems.  It works.  I feel myself again and am not worrying over worrying about anxiety. Not afraid to go anywhere, for fear I'd get that old sense of dread and unease.  I don't even think about it.  It doesn't matter the time of day you take it by the way."
5039	1.0	"Due to my increasing anxiety and panic attacks I was prescribed Lexapro 10mg. During the first few weeks I became very sensitive and would nearly cry over simple things like a customer saying ""please don't put this item in the bag with that item..."". I had very high blood pressure, bad headaches, rapid heart beat, I would feel weak and my body would start shaking (especially my hands). One time I even thought I was having a minor heart attack. I decided to ween off Lexapro and change medication."
5040	1.0	Last summer I was prescribed lexapro under the name Liberium for my anxiety and depression. I was told to take 10mg once a day, but to ween myself onto it by taking half a pill a day for a week or two. Most of my time on Lexapro was blurry; I couldn't remember a lot. People around me could tell that I wasn't right. I stumbled a lot, slurred my words, and generally felt very irritable. My anxiety was through the roof but I had absolutely no depression. When coming down from the med, about 3 hours before the next dose, I literally couldn't move. Coming off of the med one day gave me a panic attack and what was diagnosed as a pseudo-seizure: non epileptic seizing while remaining completely conscious. I was taken away by force by ambulance.
5041	10.0	I am a 30 year old male who has been on Lexapro for 2.5 years. I had been seeing a therapist for 2 or 3 years before I started taking it for my anxiety. I was extremely hesitant because I do not like taking medicenes but eventually gave in. It improved my disposition pretty quickly. My initial dosage was 10 mg. For the first couple of months i would get nausea an hour or so after taking, but then realize if i ate something just before or when I took it, I would not get the nausea. After the first few months, I do not get the nausea at all, even if I don't take it with food. I occasionally have had vivid dreams since I started taking it, but if anything I kinda think that is neat. After 6 months,  we upped my dosage to 20 mg. Works great.
5042	10.0	I was insomniac for many months due to anxiety.  Within a week or two of commencing a 10 mg dose 1x per day I was sleeping through. The only side effect has been flatulence. Cheap drug for me, but I live in Australia where many drugs are subsidised under our universal health coverage.
5043	1.0	I felt nauseated and irritable immediately after my first 10mg dose. I was angry and hostile. After the 4th day I became suicidal and attempted to take my own life. Very scary experience with this medicine.
5044	10.0	I first started lexapro when I had a massive panic attack in October 2015 it came out of no where and after seeing doctors they disagnosed me with health anxiety.. I'm a mum of 2 and I'm always constantly worrying if I have cancer or if that niggle in my leg was something bad... After my panic attack j was put on 2.5mg and the first week was horrible.. Nauseous, feeling Crap and solo tired... After that I started feeling so much better. I'm not on 15mg and very happy.. I started letting anxiety rule me life and it was turning me into someone I wasnt.. I've always been scared of the stigma of having to me on medication to get me through life however if it helps me be a happier person and a better mum then I'm more then happy with my decision
5045	8.0	Started Lexapro (Escitalopram) 10 mg taken at 8:00am  2 wks ago for anxiety and mild agoraphobia due to worry over having an anxiety attack-a tsunami of nervousness would overwhelm me and make me fearful and filled with unease. I was always worried about why this was happening to me out of nowhere. And I avoided going to places I once enjoyed. After day 12 a switch flipped.  I felt myself again, happy, easy going, not worried, not anticipating something bad was going to happen. What I cannot handle is the sleep disruption this drug has caused.  Waking at 3, 4 am and unable to get back to sleep.  Dr. prescribed  .50 mg Xanax, which is helping me through this side effect.  Hopefully it will subside when my body adjusts to the serotonin levels
5046	10.0	All I can say is WOW! After the birth of my son, I developed insomnia and anxiety. I placed a lot of pressure on myself to get enough sleep and the result was not being able to sleep. In addition, I have very high expectations of myself. I work from home and was studying at the time. From this, I caused so much anxiety for myself to the point where I couldn't control my thoughts and feelings. I was prescribed Zoloft which probably made me more anxious and I was on that for a year. My GP switched me to Lexapro 4 months ago.  On this med I feel like a different person. Happy, no anxious thoughts, I am sleeping like a log and am dreaming! I haven't dreamt in years and it's lovely! I have had no side effects on this drugs :)
5047	10.0	Hello all , my esperience with lexapro is very good , first of all i head extreme panic attack all days , extreme anxiety extreme weaknes . After one week of taking i feel more powerfull no panic attacks but anxiety is still there i hope in few weeks anxiety will be gone
5048	9.0	Been on this for roughly 3 weeks. I started taking 10 mgs but I'm currently only taking 2.5 mgs. The first week was a lil bad. I took at night and the med kicked in in like 3 hours. I couldn't sleep, had increased anxiety and it upset my stomach. I cut down to 5 then 2.5. Now I'm fine,  panic attacks are pretty much gone (before I was getting them daily sometimes even 2 or 3 times). The attacks were starting to interfere with work n life n I had to get some help. I tried working out n eating better but it wasn't helping. This works but it takes time. Also, I take this in the mornings with food. It gives me energy so taking at night wasn't good for me bc it would keep me up. Start with a low dose so your body gets used to it.
5049	1.0	I was told by my psychiatrist to try lexapro 10 mg for my anxiety. I have tried other medications in the past to help with it like Wellbutrin and Zoloft. They didn't help at all  I got side effects right away like  nausa,headaches and dizziness. So I was hoping that lexapro would help where the others didnt. I kept a positive attitude in hopes that it would make me have less anxiety. I took my first pill and 2 hrs later I felt so nauseous that I had trouble standing up without wanting to vomit. Then I starting feeling like my scalp was on fire. Also parts of my skin felt like it had a burning sensation. It didn't go away for the rest of the day. The next day I tried again and the same thing happened I wondered if with EDS if I can't take it
5050	9.0	My mood improved significantly with Lexapro. No anxiety or panic attacks whatsoever. However after about a week on it, I had severe diharrea. I literally was afraid to eat.
5051	9.0	I have been on escitalopram for about 4 1/2 months and I am finally anxiety free. I wanted to share my experience since I constantly read reviews here and it helped me realize the initial symptoms were happening to others. In the first few weeks I had an major increase in anxiety especially in the morning. I had hot flashes, ringing in the ears, bowel issues, wasn't hungry, and pretty much thought I was getting worse and should just quit. I read other positive reviews on here and decided to stick it out. I am glad I did. After about 8 weeks I felt improvement in my anxiety that gradually kept getting better. I used to obsess and worry about trivial things. I had anxiety about driving etc.. Now I am happy and anxiety free.
5052	9.0	"I've always been an anxious person, usually I find my anxiety serves me well to stay on top of a busy household, but occasionally the anxiety is destructive instead, like after the birth of a child or difficult times. 
I'd had a horrid couple of years, nursing my mum to the end from cancer and eventually it caught up with me, panic attacks, health anxiety, obsession on breathing, palpitations constantly. 
I went straight onto 20mg as had been on this drug briefly a decade ago. 
The first 24 hours were weird, dizzy, disorientated, mildly nauseous and a huge panic attack. I only slept 3 hours a night for the first 2-3 days. By week 3 I sleep 8hrs a night, have energy during the day and zero anxiety. I feel great! Lexapro is great but be patient"
5053	8.0	I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attacks.  I am on day seven and haven't noticed any improvements, my anxiety  was increased and I am experiencing some dizziness.  However I am going to let the pill take it's course even though it's been hard to continue on it.   My dad took the pill and had success with it so I'm hoping that's the case for me!  Most of all just think positive that it will work! You will get through this! :)
5054	8.0	I have been diagnosed with GAD, doctor prescribed me escitalopram 10 mg. I'm on week 3 and still with some side effects such as head pressure, insomnia and thinking a lot. Can someone let me know how long it will take to feel ok?
5055	6.0	I've been on this medication for 2 1/2 months now, so I'm not sure if that's long enough to judge this medication, but here I go. I am a 21 year old male, and I've had anxiety for as long as I remember, and on and off depression since I was about 15. This medication works FANTASTICALLY for both anxiety and depression. Both symptoms are at an all time low, and I love this medicine for that. Unfortunately, side effects are present, and for me, never went away. I ALWAYS feel tired on this medicine (as a result, caffeine is my best friend). Because of the side effects, I don't particular recommend this medicine, but everyone's body works differently, and it may be right for you.
5056	4.0	Today is my 3rd day on medication. I was prescribed it for social anxiety (despite being a beautiful 6'2 male with no reason to be anxious about appearance) generalized anxiety and panic attacks. Talking to people in malls, convenience stores and being around large groups of people frighten me. I havent noticed much of a difference other than lack of sleep, crazy amazing lucid dreams for the first two nights and my jaw clenching. So far no effect on anxiety and took a benzo because Im feeling restless but still feeling restless right now. I pray this works as Im unable to work now due to my anxiety. Ive always had anxiety but after having mono for 2 months it has spiraled completely out of control. I will update this soon. Please work!
5057	9.0	I have had three very good experiences with Lexapo. To any readers in deep depression and with anxiety, rule one is to not take bad experiences you read on the web as your future experience.  Each time I have experienced major depression, I started on 10 mg and had to grind my way through at least 4 weeks to feel any positive effects and the worse side effects were gone.  I was bumped up to 20mg and it took two weeks of living through hell again and than suddenly it was gone.   Exercise, get out and face your demons, and remember it can and will get better (yes, hard to believe when they could scrape you off the wall but it will happen). Good luck ... you have my sympathy and encouragement.
5058	9.0	I have been taking Lexapro 10mgs for nearly 4 months because of anxiety and mild depression. I had about 5 days at first with some dizziness and nausea, after that things smoothed out. Almost immediately it cured my insomnia by 95%.I take it in the morning. In the past, if I woke up at night my thoughts would turn to things that kept me from falling asleep again. As far as anxiety, I am not worrying about things at work so much. I still have some social and anticipatory anxiety, but it is some better than before. Depression is much better; I frequently have a warm feeling of happiness and everything will be alright. Before I felt distressed and flat about the future. So, I would definitely recommend a trial with this medication.
5059	8.0	"I've been on this for 9 weeks now for anxiety and depression. Firstly may I say that I took Sertealine and had an awful experience so I put off taking any more medication for 8 months.
When I finally tried Excitalopram the initial week was a bit grim but it has now evened out. I am definitely less anxious but depression is only just starting to lift now. Overall though I am hopeful that given time this will work more fully.Now a few points worth remembering ...
1. We are all different so what works for me may not work for you &amp; vice versa.
2. Please give any medication a fair amount of time to get through the initial side effects ( 2 weeks ish) and to start to get to work ( 4-6 weeks) and to see its full effect 3 months.
Hope this helps."
5060	8.0	I have taken Lexapro 20mg for two years now for anxiety and it has been great. I do feel tired through the day at times, but I gladly take that in comparison to panicking all day for no reason. This stuff can work if you give it a chance.
5061	6.0	I have been on cipralex for 4 weeks now and my doc increased it to 40mg however when I was on 30mg I didn't have as mugh anxiety. I feel the drug has helped more with my depression but my anxiety is still severe. I take lorazepam also twice a day and seroquel at nite to sleep. I'm just hoping it gets better with my anxiety. I also take seroquel 25mg as a prn. I've been told to be patient but it's so hard when you don't feel good.
5062	10.0	"Escitalopram has helped me tremendously with panic and anxiety! Want to give hope to others who've been combing forums as I have. Started having panic attacks 6 months ago for no apparent reason. Waited it out hoping they would stop, but only worsened and my life went downhill fast. Dr. gave me Escitalopram 10 mg. with Clonazepam to help with start up effects. The first 10 days were difficult: insomnia, loss of appetite, increased anxiety. These effects disappeared as I hoped and each day I noticed subtle improvements. I am now panic free! Still have small anxiety, but that is human and ""normal"".  So happy that I took action, as I was very afraid. Give this med a chance and give it time to work. I'm sure glad that I did!"
5063	10.0	I have been taking Lexapro for three years now. It has been a miracle. I have not had any panic attacks in over two years. I have a great outlook on life and am totally  comfortable in my own skin. Before I started I had panic attacks regularly. They were so bad that I would have them while driving, at work, while I was trying to sleep. I was a mess. Much, MUCH better with Lexapro.
5064	1.0	I took Lexapro for almost 4 weeks and quit because it was pure hell. I tried to push through the side effects but they never went away.  Insomnia, couldn't eat, anxiety hit the roof, panic attacks every night, and crazy thoughts. Was not for me.
5065	10.0	I have been suffering from anxiety for 3 years now, was on citalopram for 2 years and slowly came off them up until a couple of weeks ago where my anxiety came back with a vengeance, my doctor recommended Escitilopram and apart from the first week of the drug getting into my system and causing a sicky feeling and a empty head, once I past that feeling after a week or so my anxiety had disappeared and is now non existant, now I can move on with my life
5066	1.0	I was on klonopin for 7 months but sometimes I would still notice I had anxiety so I decided to change to Zoloft. It made me so sick. When I switched to lexapro a few weeks later it made my anxiety kinda worse and nauseated. I will just stick to the klonopin for now.
5067	9.0	"For the past 3 years I've suffered from increasingly bad Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I also had mild OCD, by the end of the third year I was having regular panic attacks.  I tried accupuncture, CBT, herbs, supplements and Lorazepam (I took about 5 pills over a year)  but nothing worked. I was completely against taking anti-depressants until I just couldn't get out of bed for a week. 

I  was prescribed Cipralex. I take 5mg a day.  The change is amazing. I feel like my old self again. The tightness in my chest is gone. I do still get anxiety in the morning and especially on Mondays but I hear that will subside as the drug regulates in my system. I feel like I can handle my stresses again. I'm still doing CBT to work on stress."
5068	8.0	Been on this medicine for around 5 weeks, 10 mg. Been the happiest I have been in awhile! I really love this medication, I have finally got myself out of the darker place I was before. So glad that it's working, and I'm feeling better day to day. Still some anxiety but I can deal with it, depression is completely gone, I can socialize no problem. terrific
5069	7.0	Lexapro (or the Escitalopram version in my country) was almost immediately successful in treating my anxiety and extreme rage issues. I've been using it for 8 months, but experience one major side-effect: constant tiredness or lethargy. I've tried taking it at other times during the day, but no change. I sleep really well at night, have vivid dreams, am more creative and able to solve problems - if I can stay awake during the day. Get really drowsy two hours after taking this and can easily nap for a couple of hours in the afternoon.  I'm no longer a bitch, but also no longer awake. So will have to choose between being mentally sharp or being anxious and angry all the time.
5070	9.0	Lexapro changed my life for the better! I had anxiety and needed help. My doctor put me on 15 mg lexapro and the first month was not fun as my body was getting used to the drug. I had dry mouth, sweating and problems sleeping but after a month the side effects went away and I feel normal again. I bumped it down to 10 mg and have been on it for 2 years
5071	9.0	I have been taking escitalopram for just over 3 months now and have noticed an incredible positive difference. I started off on 5mg and moved up to 10mg and then 15mg. The first few weeks were difficult, I won't lie...I did experience many of the side effects, including: nausea, loss of appetite, increased anxiety/suicidal thoughts, irritability, loss of sex drive, and dry mouth. For the first week or two even the SMELL of some foods would make me so nauseous I couldn't eat them. I doubted whether I could get through it, I quit my job and was a complete wreck... I could barely leave the house. This medication changed my life; I am now able to do things I couldn't even dream of doing, and am more social. STICK IT OUT! :)
5072	8.0	Began 10mg daily. First day was difficult. Severe mood swings, heightened anxiety, baseless anger, etc. Advise anyone beginning this to 1) begin on a day off and 2) have someone around to keep an eye on you. That ended at the second day, when I only took half-pills. Now that I am a week in, taking the full 10mg and things settling down nicely. Yawning is annoying and my normal night-owl life is riddled with deep, restful sleep, but I am calmer and less angry all the time.
5073	10.0	I've been taking Lexapro for about 8 months now and it has done me wonders! I have not once had an anxiety attack since, and it has helped me with my depression as well! I highly recommend it!
5074	5.0	"""I was given Lexapro from my Psych recommended by my therapist for anxiety which I had tried to manage naturally for many yrs by faith workingout meditation yoga and eating healthy. I am 37 suffering with severe panic-anxiety attacks which started while I was pregnant and involved DV with the dad who is a angel dust addict. I was always against taking any kind of meds not even for a headache so the thought of taking a drug everyday was scary I was diagnose with PTSD and anxiety. Its early since I just took my first dose last night and I haven't even experience any real side effects apart from a little tiredness this morning even though I slept 8hrs when I was only sleeping 3-4 at most. I still feel very anxious I will check-in 2-3 wks"
5075	10.0	"I had suffered debilitating anxiety and depression for 4 years prior to going on this drug. My brain would not shut up. I would suffer just sitting there as my brain made me hyper aware of my own thoughts, feelings and anxiety. My head was a noisy mess. I couldn't relax. I was regularly very stressed for no reason. I would think about things that bothered me often. My relationships suffered.

This drug made my mind silent. This drug gave me my life back. It made me better. It took some time to work (about 8 weeks) but when it did it was amazing. The thing is when your sick like this you feel hopeless. It feels like nothing at all can make you better: that you are doomed. This drug can make you normal again!"
5076	7.0	"Feeling alive again but still having panick attacks.
I've been on 10mg for the past month  but I noticed every time I have drinks,  the next  day I have nasty pânic attacks. They are awful.  Its been only a month.  Does it get better after 2 months.  I like this medicine, I feel alive again. I wanna jump out of my bed and go to the gym at 6am like before! I haven't felt like this in a year! Before all I wanted to do was sleep and stay attached to my bed.  
I love this med but i think I'll need to upper the dose for my anxiety.  :'("
5077	9.0	I  had on n off again panic attacks for weeks thinking i was dying and was at the er  every week...I have been on this for 4 days now and first day i was full of energy and day 2 was ok had a lil panic attack and 3 i slept ALOT and today was a great day all day a little anxious tonight but i can already start feeling a difference.. Gonna Stick with it cause i know if it is working this good ill be back to myself again soon
5078	10.0	I experienced dizzy spells ,was drinking lots of water, and had a foggy brain, but once my body got use to the drug being in my system, I haven't had any panic attacks.I am feeling much better.My experience with escitalopram is a positive one.
5079	10.0	Great drug - I was bed bound for months with crippling anxiety. I'm out the house, I'm back at work. I've met the love of my life and I can't thank the psychiatrist who prescribed me this with quetiapine (serequel) 150mg at night. Don't just rely on the nhs for your mental health needs. I was lucky enough for my parents to send me to a private practioner who prescribed this combination and it genuinely saved my life. (I am based in the UK) (I am taking 20mg daily)
5080	10.0	I was prescribed this drug for mild depression 4 years ago. I had 0 side effects   0 benefits - it was when I took the drug again years later I realised why it hadn't worked - I didn't need it then, my serotonin levels must have been ok. 7 months ago I began getting debilitating panic attacks that ruined my first post college job. Anxiety took over. I was prescribed lexapro. In the first week I won't lie I was very ill with nausea   increased panic. I was convinced I should stop. I read review after review terrified but I stuck it out. It has saved my life and my mind. Remember initial side effects mean the drug is doing something to your body that wasn't happening -more serotonin! I'm slowly rebuilding what anxiety destroyed thanks to lexapro
5081	1.0	Worst med I ever put in my body. Used to take Paxil 20mg on and off for 9 years and dumbly thought I could try another pill only in case I tried to have kids. And wow worse side effects, insomnia, migraines. I was a hypocondriac and this med caused me to have depression and suicidal thoughts! Did NOT suite me at all. But everyone is different.
5082	2.0	"Did more harm than good.
Suicidal ideation regularly even after taken for 4 months. Stomach problems, increased anxiety; and depression onset when I had none prior."
5083	9.0	I remember reading all these reviews before I took it because I was so scared of the side effects that I might get so I thought I would review it. I know everyone reacts differently but so far this medication has been great. It has slowed down those over thinking anxious feeling's a lot! The side effects were minor. Mild digestive problems, occasional yawning episodes (a bit annoying). The one that is probably the biggest issue is the complete loss of appetite, I just feel like drinking a lot of water. I don't feel hungry and have lost 2kg in the 3 weeks I have been on it.   I am hoping in time these side effects will eventually go away. They are pretty mild and something I can put up with since it is helping me with my anxiety.
5084	10.0	Changed my life.  Quiets the irrational fears and depression that accompany anxiety disorder.  Taking 10mg/daily.  Weight gain but could also be because I'm happy and eating again.  Also sleep great and feel calm.  No sexual side effects.  Stay with it for 6-8 weeks.  If it doesn't work for you, try another medication until you find the one that clicks.  Don't give up!
5085	9.0	"I was given Lexapro from my GP for anxiety which I had tried to manage naturally the past two years with various techniques to no avail. My panic symptoms were with me everyday and often suffered panic attack episodes. 
Made it extremely difficult to do 
everyday type stuff let alone work. I
 was always drug resistant..the kind 
of person who wouldn't even want to 
take a headache med so the thought
 of a drug therapy I would do everyday was 
scary. Anyhow, its early on less 
than two weeks and I haven't even 
experience any real side effects 
apart from a little tiredness first 
week. I feel less anxious already, no 
attacks and my thoughts aren't
looping in my head anymore. I'm 
hoping it continues to get better!"
5086	6.0	After years and years of being able to self-manage moderate panic attacks I suddenly couldn't help myself anymore and after a particularly bad anxiety attack I decided enough is enough, my doctor diagnosed mild depression and anxiety so reluctantly I have started taking this medication a week ago with mixed results so far, 5mg for first 3 days I felt good almost hopeful, then increased to 10mg and I've had a rough 4 days, increased anxiety and poor sleep plus very emotional.  Everyone keeps telling me to hang in there with this as I really want this to work for me so my plan is to do just that and hope that I can report back again with better results ;)
5087	1.0	Stay away from this drug! Or at least if you have had my experience. My side effects was that I had very painful armpit boils. Never before in my life had I had them. I researched signs and symptoms online, and found Lexapro could cause them. I stopped taking Lexapro, and haven't experienced anymore. I would get one or two boils a week. They left ugly, permanent scars. Although, I've found possible laser treatment may remove scars.
5088	3.0	I started using this medication for GAD and for depression. I started off with 5mg for two weeks and gradually worked my way up to 20mg. The first week of side effects was terrible: insomnia, nausea, mood swings, upset stomach. But I continued taking it as recommended. I used it for about six months and saw no positive changes. I experienced many suicidal thoughts, strange dreams, sleepless nights, sleeping too much, and crazy mood swings. This almost caused my boyfriend and I to break up. I would not recommend it, but it may work for someone else. I am on an SSNRI (different family: Effexor) now and have no side effects.
5089	9.0	This medication was/is a life saver.  Took 2 weeks to adjust to it and about a month to feel its positive effects.  I would say it changed my life for the better BUT I now realize my weight gain over the 2.5 years is due to the medication so I will try to wean off.  I also slept beautifully on it, but too much.
5090	5.0	I have been taking this medication only recently for my anxiety/ depression. I've recently suffered the loss of a baby and was having a very difficult time. For 4-5 months I had no appetite, nausea, headaches, fever, what felt like the never ending flu/cold. The first time taking this was at night and I didn't notice much change however the next time I took it in the AM...BAD idea! I am not much of a breakfast person so perhaps that tied into it as well but it made me so sick I had to leave work. Since then I have been taking it later in the day (dinner time) and I have been feeling much better, we'll see how it goes as time goes on :)
5091	10.0	I am a 24y/o female. I've been taking Lexapro 10mg for almost 4 months now and I can confidently say the only scary thing about this medication is people's negative reviews on it. First and foremost EVERYONE is different, so everyone will react to it differently. I was prescribed it by my primary Doctor due to my severe anxiety and mild depression. Before this medication I was prescribed Celexa, but hated it. My anxiety and depression got so much worse I decided to do something about it. It came to the point where my anxiety and depression affected everyone around me and I just wasn't happy anymore.  At first taking this medication gave me some side affects. My side effects were really dry mouth, some intense dreams, and some loss of appetite. The only thing that has stuck for these few months have been the dreams. They seems SO REAL! But I can say I rather have some dreams than those scary anxiety attacks I use to get, and those depressed bed sobs. Lexapro has changed my life! Before this medication my life was hitting rock bottom. My Anxiety was so severe it took over my life. I obsessed over everything, overthought everything, felt like at any moment I was going to die. I was on edge every second. My blood pressure was always high and I'm only 24! I had this obsession of dying in a car accident, it came to a point I couldnt ride in a car with anyone else unless I was driving. If I did I would get panic attacks. My depression was also bad and also had an eating disorder. I felt like I was never going to be happy. Was never going to be happy in a relationship, or in my job, or even be able to hug my own mother again. I'm happy the people in my life noticed how much my disorders were taking over my life and helped me make a change. Lexapro helped my life. I hope my review will change yours.
5092	8.0	I took this for several years. I would occasionally switch to something else, but I always came back to it. While effective, it caused me to gain a lot of weight.
5093	5.0	I was prescribed this drug for occasional anxiety issues, related to pressure at work. I took it during an extremely stressful time where I experienced extraordinary anxiety. The first day it helped me quite a lot, by taking away the negative feeling in my chest and making me more relaxed and social. Later in the day, it made me very awake, without impairing my sleep. I took it for another 4-5 days every day in 2.5-10mg to try with different dosage. The positive impact faded and I got serious problems with side effects. I could hardly sleep any longer and the combination with diphenhydramin (sleeping pill) made it even worse, by excessively reducing my heart rate and respiratory condition. The last 2 days i hardly slept, due to 'hypnic jerks
5094	3.0	Bad experience. Bad sleep.
5095	10.0	Have been on Lexapro for two years now. First weeks were truly horrible and took 6-8 weeks for full effect. But hang in there! My life is finally anxiety free and I enjoy the smallest things. I see now how much place and energy the anxiety took before. Not anymore. No side effects. Take it at night to avoid sexual side effects. (Had them when I took Lex in the morning.)
5096	5.0	Hi, I have been taking 5mg escitalopram for two months,my anxiety is lower, but I have headfog, racing thoughts and I can't concentrate. Also I had insomnia.  I don't know whether I should  keep taking it because I am  feeling that is doesn't work for me. My doctor says that works and  I have to be positive and give it a time.  I am confused and disappointed. I am in college and can't study for exams,  that makes me more negative and depressed :/
5097	9.0	Having great success with escitalopram for anxiety. Have been taking 10 mg daily over 4 weeks now. First AD med I have ever taken and I was quite resistant. But after months of struggling, my life was going downhill quickly. Losing sleep, no appetite, missing work. So glad I got help! Most noticeable start up side effects were some increased anxiety (which thankfully was offset by clonazepam the Dr prescribed), insomnia, complete loss of appetite, and some constipation. These all disappeared in less than 2 weeks and I am now sleeping and eating well with very little anxiety. When I do feel anxious, I can control it instead of it controlling me! I feel my normal self again:)
5098	10.0	My 15 yr old daughter has multiple diagnoses. ODD. ADD. Anxiety and Depression. We have used several different meds over the last few months to aid with behavioral issues like constant anger and opposition with occasional explosive outbursts of anger and focus &amp; concentration in school. She has been on 10 mg Lexapro daily for a little over a week and I can see a huge difference in her already. I feel like I have my daughter back. We can have a conversation without an argument. She seems so much more peaceful and generally happy. I see so much of a difference, I don't think she even needs the Daytrana patch for ADD now. Other meds we have tried are Effexor, Concerta, Adderall, &amp; Stratera.
5099	9.0	I had been feeling some general depression and anxiety for 6-8 months. Nothing specific, just everything seemed to pile up. I felt like I couldn't get the negative thoughts out of my head. Dr prescribed 10mg Lexapro, I got the generic escitalopram. Day 1, I felt like the anxiety was dissipating, but I did have bad nausea and loss of appetite for 12 days. On the 12th day, I woke up, anxiety is gone, nausea is gone, and I am hungry for the first time in a while. I am hopeful that this isn't just a 'good day', but that the side effects are finally gone. First 12 days were rough. Stick with the meds, always keep something in your stomach, even if it's just a cracker, and good luck! For me, plain apple sauce, Canada dry ginger ale were helpful.
5100	6.0	I was first diagnosed with depression in 1999, and was put on meds.  My life was better than normal, and I was very happy.  This fall, however, the meds just stopped working.  I was put on Escitaloram (after another medication did not work) three days ago, and I can feel it working already.  I believe in this medication, and I feel you should give it a try.
5101	8.0	I have been in a really bad funk for as long as I can remember and have been through a good amount. I won't go into details because its not relevant. Also felt like my brain was foggy and mind constantly racing. I have social anxiety as well. I am on day two of lexapro and I think it's working already. I feel warm inside, peaceful and am interacting with people so easily. It's strange. I can't explain it bit I feel peaceful, happy and not anxious. I haven't felt this way in a long time. I get drowsy and my eyes get heavy randomly through out the day. I've also started smiling randomly. I know this is sort of vague, I wanted to be straight to the point. I really hope this is it and I have found the right medicine and hope this lasts!
5102	10.0	Moved and my new doctor took me off Paxil and put me on Escitalopram.  Works better than Paxil with no side effects.  I function like a normal person.  I get little anxiety attacks out of nowhere, but if I sit down and still my thoughts, the butterflies go away.  My doctor gave me a script for klonipin for the attacks, it works well, but I only take if it gets bad.  Can't drive taking klonpin, feel a little too mellow.
5103	10.0	I have been on a few other anti-anxiety meds over the past decade.  The last one I was on was an absolute nightmare, so I vowed to NEVER take meds again.  Since then, I tried natural remedies, exercise etc. to combat this constant agitation and anxiety I have been feeling.  I couldn't really be in the moment and enjoy.  I've been on 10 mg. of Lexapro for over 2 months now and haven't felt this good in a forever (it seems).  I feel normal again and I actually want to get out and do things.  I see now how severely depressed/anxious I have been for so long.  This medication has given me my life back.  I have not gained any weight, thus far and have stayed the same.  Everyone is different, so I feel very lucky that this is working for me.
5104	9.0	After being on Prozac for 5 years( for PMDD, and general anxiety) I took myself off of it against my Doctors better judgement, and thought I was doing okay until a series of moderate to severe anxiety attacks. I saw my doctor and I was prescribed Escitalopram, and the best thing about it is I have NO OCD recurrences and very little high/low emotional disruption. I am posting this because I'm not a 'Poster', or a frequent flyer on forum sites, but I've been off my Escitalopram for about 2 weeks. I ran out and the USPS is taking a little more time than usual to deliver. I'm a MESS. Racing thoughts, crying a lot, fidgety. TOTALLY not like myself when I'm on my meds. Escitalopram is the best for me. Don't stop taking it without your docs okay.
5105	3.0	I got on this med Sept.2015. I had anxiety mixed with fear to take it. I am on the 10 mg dose and get depressed and anxiety when on it. Slowly it worsened to the point I couldn't attend school. I this normal!? I have experienced the lack of wanting to eat and hating food in the start of being on it.Then my hunger spiked past its norm; I was eating like there was no tomorrow. Now being close to Xmas and off it for a bit I feel more snappy. If you are/ have experienced this I hope this helped.
5106	9.0	I've tried many medications for anxiety, panic disorder, social phobia etc. I was previously on Zoloft for 3 months with nasty side effects. I started 5mg of Lexapro on 11/13/15 and after the first day I saw significant improvement, 2 weeks later I was at 10mg. I'm able to go places without panicking, and I'm more social. The only side effect I have is nausea and gas but Zofran helps with that. Today I will be increasing my dose to 20mg. So far it's done awesome for me. I hope it continues to get better.
5107	5.0	Hi i just started Lexapro 3 days ago 5mg for anxiety and I must say I think I feel worse then I did before I took it. I feel all shakey and feel a bit down and I have gone off my food is this normal has anyone else felt like this ?
5108	10.0	I am a 27 year old female with a history of anxiety (social anxiety, hypochondria, obsessive thoughts and panic attacks) as well as some depression in the past year or so. I was very nervous about taking this medication but I wish I had started 5 years ago when my anxiety disorder began. It has worked incredibly well for me. I started with 2.5 mg for a few days, then 5mg for a week, then 7.5mg for a few days then 10mg for the past 4 weeks. I experienced some nausea, drowsiness, yawning, hot flashes, sweating, dry mouth and trouble reaching orgasm. I can happily say that these side effects have all resolved now. I feel like my old self, my anxiety and depression are drastically reduced and I just feel happy. So incredibly happy I tried it!
5109	7.0	Huge improvement after a few days. Been on this medication since June 11th, I'm starting to feel unwell again I don't know if this med is failing. I'm scared that I'm going to relapse. I have been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder. A couple of weeks ago my GP prescribed zyban with escitalopram. Zyban after three days gave me issues with tunnel vision. I will be asking for for another med to help with escitalopram for my increased anxiety and bad thoughts.
5110	2.0	I was put on this for my panic disorder  because i was suffering from panic attacks  while driving because of a bad car wreck I had. Anyways my doctor put me on 10mgs when I took it in the day I was so drowsy and out of it I couldn't function. So I switched to taking it before bed and I would wake up every night with dizzy spells and heart beating out my chest. It would take a hour for those symptoms to go away and for me to continue my sleep. Then during the day I would have extreme anxiety I couldn't be behind the wheel of a car without panicking, I couldn't go out to the store without panicking I was only on it for 10 days the worst 10 days of my life and honestly I feel better now that I'm off this horrible drug
5111	10.0	"I posted in Oct. My 9 yr. Old has Aspergers and my life was hard.
It is now the last week of month 2 on 10mg. of Lexapro. OMG!!! Is this what normal really feels like!? Please.. if you have anxiety and possible depression give this drug a chance. I feel like a new person. I laugh at shows now, I have a sense of humor again. My spouse is spending more time around me since I am more pleseant to be around. I cooked a small Thx giving dinner for 4 from  scratch in 4 hours without stressing it. I can watch sad movies and feel  the emotions but not cry through the whole show or movie.  Find myself interested in things I used to enjoy but stopped. I am glad I hung in and listened to others who said to give it 6-8 weeks for full effect.They were right.:)"
5112	8.0	I can't eat and very tired.  Been taking for a week for general anxiety disorder and depression. This does seem to limit my migraines though. Hoping it kicks in soon. Having some relationship anxiety but that's about it
5113	10.0	I was having terrible anxiety out of the blue at age 59 they anxiety lasted all day and into the evening for one month. I was on Prozac and the doctor put me on Lexapro instead and my anxiety was gone by the third day of taking it! It has worked wonderfully for me I feel normal again and not so fearful!
5114	9.0	I've been on Escitalopram for 4 weeks. I must say the first week I yawned all the time and had increased anxiety. But I kept taking the 10 mg that was prescribed to me and I feel wonderful. I have zero anxiety and it makes me feel so good. I am able to enjoy life the way I should. Stick it out for the first few weeks even if you feel worse because it does get better. I am so glad I found something that makes me feel real again!
5115	1.0	I'm 19 years old and I've had anxiety since I was a kid. When my family would sing happy birthday to me, I would have a panic attack and cry. I cried every day my kindergarden year. My anxiety got worse over the years but my parents are those types that don't believe in medication and mental disorders. This year, since being an adult and being able to make my own decisions, I decided to see a therapist. They started me out on 5mg lexapro. The first month was like heaven. I could hold conversations with strangers, go to restaurants and not have a panic attack trying to order food, and so on. After that first month the medicine just stopped working. I was tired and sick all the time and it made me have horrible bursts of anger. Don't take this!!
5116	2.0	I took this after being on Zoloft for anxiety &amp; social phobia. Zoloft didn't work (I was on it for about 4 weeks and it gave me terrible headaches, couldn't sleep, but felt tired all the time). After about 2 weeks of being on Lexapro, I got severe anxiousness and anger and rage. I had it for 3 days straight and my husband told me to call the doc and get off the meds. I also was dizzy all the time so much that I couldn't stand up without having to immediately sit down because of the world spinning. I'm switching over to Efexxor now and hoping that will help.
5117	5.0	Reading these glowing reviews, can't help but wonder if drug company reps are making these claims? Sometimes if it's too good to be true....Would love to believe that these are all real, but corporate misdeeds are all too common these days. Who would have thought that VW would have cheated on the emissions tests?
5118	10.0	I've had serious anxiety since I was a teen. In the last 4 years (thanks to some random health issues) it has skyrocketed and life has become unbearable. Everyday I thought I was having a heart attack - despite stellar cardio results. Anxiety took full control of my life - mentally and physically. Xanax and booze (not together) work like a charm but I fear the addiction potential. My doc put me on low dose of Lexapro (5 mg) and within 48 hours all my crazy anxiety ended. Gone. I feel normal again - it's been YEARS since I've felt this way. Small sexual side effect (long time to ejaculate) and slight weight gain but I'm ok with that. Another side effect: my co-workers &amp; friends like me again.
5119	9.0	"I am 19 years old. I had severe panic attacks before dates and would get sick right in front of them. Also, had trouble talking to ""higher ups"" at work. My doc put me on 10 mg Lexapro for social anxiety disorder. Worked right away after the first dose. Takes away all pain and worrying. The only bad thing is I feel like my life is all in slow motion and can't be bothered about anything. Puts you in your happy place. No need to suffer anymore, there is an answer!"
5120	6.0	I was having a lot of anxiety over trying to raise my RAD (Reactive attachment disorder) niece.  I didn't feel depressed just anxious and had panic attacks. Her and I were in a power struggle. This med helped me relax and pick my battles and not get over zealous about thing. The bad thing is within 5 months I gained 15 pounds not changing my eating habits at all. The 6th month I tried to lose weight and could not so I went back and got on something else.
5121	5.0	"I suffer from severe social and general anxiety. Started on lexapro about a month ago. Took 10mg daily for 3 and 1/2 weeks with little results. I would always check these reviews because I saw how much it had changed many people's lives so I was trying to stay optimistic. side affects were tough the first week but went away quickly. Not much help with anxiety, all I really noticed was a ""cloudy headed"" feeling all day. Don't give up taking it though! This drug does wonders for many people."
5122	10.0	"Hi. I am on day 16 of 10mg. The first 6 days I was very tired, excessively. But the majority of my anxiety was gone by then.  Days 6-8 I had severe insomnia, it passed and by day 9 I had no racing thoughts before going to slep. Today is day 16. I feel better about my life circumstances. I have a 9 year old with Aspergers. I am no longer spending every waking moment obsessing over what will become of his future. My cognitve functioning seems clearer.  Have been able to keep up more with home chores. Still not as energised as I would like to be. Coffee makes me more jittery since starting the meds. I can now tell the differnce between caffeine jitters and my real anxiety though.
I am hoping that by week 6-8 I have even more clarity."
5123	9.0	I have been on escitalopram 10 mg for 3 months now. The first month was very rough, side effects were nauseous and major increased anxiety. I did occasionally take a low dose of Klonopin for the increased anxiety which really helped. After about 7-8 weeks I saw a huge improvement in my anxiety. I have not gained any weight and sleep very well,( I take it at night before bed). Wow. I finally feel back to myself. These reviews got me through the first month! Definitely stick it out and know that your body will adjust to the medicine! I will occasionally feel a little anxious but it passes quickly and I can cope so much better! Am so grateful that this is working and that I can enjoy my life again!!!
5124	1.0	This medicine absolutely almost ruined my life, to the point I was going to lose EVERYTHING.  It made me nauseous,  tired,  loss of sex drive , made me want to drink 24/7 all because I DIDN'T CARE ANYMORE!  I lost 2 jobs, because I had no desire to function basically.  I have been off it for 2 weeks now now and the side effects from coming off this medication is not bad at all.  I feel happy again,  a little anxiety but omg I'll deal with it the natural way. ...exercise or just enjoy my family again.  
5125	8.0	I started this medication a little over a month ago &amp; was very weary. I have had PTSD and suffer from anxiety for almost 10 years. My doctor recently suggested I give this a try to combat both anxiety and a mild case of depression. The first week and a half was not fun - I was tired, nauseous, I had hot flashes everything. I read reviews online and they said to stick it out, so I did. So far, it's been a great help. I feel more in control of my life and my thoughts. I have read a lot of reviews about this medicine causing weight gain so I'm worried about that, as my birth control does that enough. So far this is working well with me but everyone should remember we are all different and this medicine will work differently for everyone.
5126	5.0	I started Lexapro the summer before my sophomore year of college and have now been on it for about 6 months now. It worked pretty well in the first month, my anxiety went down but after that it felt useless. We upped the dosage all the way from I think 5mg to 20mg by the end of the summer and still felt useless. I decided to continue taking Lexapro as I went back to college and I still felt like it was not working. I still felt really anxious and on edge all the time so I decided to go to the school's psychiatry center, which during my screening they told me that Lexapro is actually known for dying out over time. I stopped taking it and my anxiety is through the roof. Overall, it helped me but not as much as I'd liked it to
5127	10.0	Day 2. Taking for major anxiety/ slight depression. 10mg daily. Anxiety is lifting and feel much more in control and calm. Only side symptom is a slight wheezy/ tired feeling. I took it last night about 9pm and was asleep by 11pm. First time in a year that a fell asleep without racing thoughts and worries.
5128	10.0	This is a great medicine by all means. If you suffer from anxiety or panic attack, please do your self a favour and take it because it will make you  fresh and put you back to the person you used to be. I suffered both anxiety and some panic attacks because those two work hand in hand and almost killed me. My life almost got destroyed because I was afraid of doing things alone, travel alone, or trying new things. I tried to make my self busy with playing video games or playing with my phone, or watch movies to keep my mind busy with that. but still I used to suffer this a lot. after taking this medication for about 7 months at 10 mg per day, i totally forgot what it means to be under anxiety or having such panic attacks. First few days r hard
5129	10.0	Incredible medication. I don't wake up in a panic  anymore, whereas it was occurring almost daily before. The first few days for me were hell, but I just slept through the headache and nausea and dizziness and now it's one of the best things that's ever happened for me regarding my anxiety disorder and panic disorder. Reduced daily anxiety = less panic attacks. Lexapro is awesome.
5130	10.0	This medication saved my life. I was suffering through one of the worst bouts of anxiety I had ever been through, during an extremely stressful part of my life. When my doctor prescribed this for me I had my doubts, and had seen many bad reviews. I am here to let you know that this medication WORKS FOR ANXIETY. I know everyone is different, but anyone who is prescribed this for anxiety, PLEASE WAIT A FEW WEEKS FOR IT TO WORK. It didn't really work for me the first few weeks and I had some side effects but now  my generalized anxiety and agoraphobia have dissipated so much I can enjoy my life without constant suffering, I'm so happy.
5131	1.0	I have been on this med for 3 months. 10mg a day I can't sleep and I cry alot. My tightness in my chest is gone, but I still feel blah. 
5132	8.0	I've been taking this for about 2 wks now... And after 10 years of struggling with anxiety/panic attacks... I finally feel like I'm getting back to my old self. I've had minimal side effects. Currently taking 5mg and it seems to be working for me. Glad I finally found something that helps!!
5133	10.0	"I have been dealing with general and situational anxiety disorder and panic attacks on and off since college.  Tried Paxil and Prozac. Paxil made me gain 20 lbs. and Prozac increased my anxiety.  Lexapro works.

My advice: Try taking Lexapro for at least one week. The first week you will feel tired, dizzy, and mildly nauseated. Those effects disappear very quickly.  Do start at 5mg and slowly increase to 10 or 20mg. Ask you doctor to supplement with Buspar XL which counteracts most Lexapro side effects and further helps control anxiety and panic attacks. I don't recommend using Lexapro without Buspar.  Anxiety/Panic will gradually disappear over two to four weeks.  Use Ativan or other Benzodiazapines sparingly until Lexapro is working."
5134	10.0	Ever since my 1st panic attack almost 3 years ago I could never feel the same. I couldn't sleep, would feel overstimulated if I came into contact with too many people or a stranger for too long a time period. I always had a constant tingling on the side of my head with no explanation of origin I had 1, 2 MRI's and a CATS scan. I had brain scans I was sure I had a tumor somewhere and I was dying. Everyday my normal activities were crippled by this anxious feeling I wasn't my normal outgoing self by any means this lead my anxiety into a major depression I felt broken unfixable like there was no explanation to my condition, I thought I was losing my mind. I strongly recommend escitalopram. Been taking it for a month and I feel like the old me.
5135	9.0	"Severe depression,anxiety,bad mood and social phobia, obsessional irritable and desperate thoughts, always afraid to go out and meet friends, teachers ,family members,relatives and all other social gatherings.A month ago i start taking escitalopram 5mg(prescribed by psychiatrist) (generic)Laxapro is not available here. I am happy to share 90% My symptoms resolved, i felt like my eye sight has increased,everything look beautiful and colorful ,i got unknown source of happiness, even my friends say i am new man.
(I am not recomending anyone to take escitalopram. Always consult a registerd practitioner)"
5136	10.0	I was on 100 MG of zoloft for 5 years, and went through a stressful point in my life. I became depressed, crying every hour and wouldn't leave my house. I went to the doctor and he said the zoloft wasn't working anymore and wanted to switch me to lexapro (escitalopram). The withdrawal from stopping zoloft was brutal, but my lexapro started working within a week. I am now on week two and feel amazing. I am going places, and not as tense as normal. The only downside is I'm very irritable but hoping that goes away soon
5137	8.0	I am a young and small person who was in search for a medication to control my depression but mostly my anxiety and OCD tendencies. I had tried Lexapro before also mixed with Buspar but it never seemed to fully do the trick; it felt like I was taking a pill and not getting much from it. Prozac has caused maybe a 5 lb fluctuation in my weight and it did decrease my sex drive for about the first 6 to 8 months but I feel that is just the amount of time necessary to get used to the new drug. This has been the only effective solution to my illness.
5138	9.0	Before I started Lexapro I was a mess. I had lost so much weight, my hair was falling out and I was breaking out in hives daily. The intrusive thoughts and rumination was horrible and don't know how long I could have gone on like that. It's been about 2 yrs and the initial effect was amazing. After a while I needed to up my dose from 10-20 and I am now feeling like I did when I first started taking lexapro. Only negative thing I have to say is do not try to quit this by yourself, even if you think it's no longer working. I went through terrible withdrawals that were physical and emotional.
5139	8.0	I started this medication about 7 weeks ago and it has been such a blessing. I have suffered from anxiety on and off since I had my daughter 3 years ago. I decided to try lexapro after I had experienced a state of anxiety in which my body continued to be tense. Yes, the first few weeks of side effects were the worst but just like the rest of the reviews just push through it because it really does get better. I forgot how it felt to be relaxed and calm and this medication helps you get back to that state. No it doesn't cure you from anxiety but it does help you deal with it in a more rationale way.
5140	10.0	For the past four months I have had terrible anxiety and multiple terrifying panic attacks per day. I was having to take more and more lorazepam just to get through the day. My doctor prescribed Lexapro. I was nervous because I had read such horrible things about the side effects and I really didn't want to go through it, but Lexapro has been great for me! The anxiety disappeared on the first day and I was more chilled out than I have been in years. I was weak and tired and had no appetite but that is all as far as side effects. I am very happy with how I feel and my anxiety free life!
5141	6.0	lexapro helped me tremendously, it basically saved my life. I was horrified before I started, because of course I went online to see reviews and the side effects but all I got was bad experiences but mine has been amazing. I feel so much better, so much more free, like I'm actually living again. I lost a little weight from it (which is a plus) and I feel great! I hope this helps for some people!
5142	2.0	ok so on day 3 I went out for dinner last night for my child's birthday I had the worse attack in my life pain chest pain left side arm was tingling back was hurting I was dizzy thought I was going to pass out awful experience it took about 4 hours for the chest pain to go. I thought I was having a heart attack at one point but stuck it out I haven't eaten since yesterday morning no appitie someone please tell me this gets better???? Anyone else in the same boat as me? I'm a 26 year old woman had this for anxiety and panic attacks
5143	1.0	I have panic attacks and anxiety. My doc prescribed 10 mg of teva-escitalopram. I tried taking this medication about a month ago and was soo sick by day 2 I quit. I just had a bad panic attack on the weekend so I decided to start taking this medication again, this time I broke the pill in half. I'm now on day 4. My anxiety seems a bit worse because now I'm scared. I'm dizzy, I have diarrhea, I get bad head aches, I'm freezing right now and I just threw up a little bit. Is this normal? Every one says the first week is hellish.....like this? Thanks!
5144	10.0	Works great for GAD.  I fought my feelings for years and just toughed it out.  I found myself drinking to ease my symptoms.  The drinking helped turn my brain off for the night, but the feelings just came back the next day.  Finally told my doctor about my symptoms and was prescribed Lexapro.  Within 48 hours the anxiety was dramatically reduced, no excessive sweating, mind racing, etc.  This drug is a god send.  10 mg works best for me, tried 20 but couldn't feel the difference.  Now just have to deal with the drinking.
5145	9.0	This medication has been very effective for me. After years and years of living with anxiety and doing all the right things to get rid of it organically, I finally bit the bullet and started on 5mg. Decided after a particularly bad month of anxiety to start a script I had been given a year ago. Read reviews, most of them saying you need to stick it out to pass the side effects and get the full benefit, so that's what I did. I took the 5mg for a week, went up to 10, and have now been on it for 3 whole months. The initial side effects were as follows: nausea, sleepiness, memory deficits (short-term), headaches. Those went away after 2 months. And anxiety is gone. I am calm and collected, I no longer sweat the small stuff. No insomnia.
5146	9.0	So basically since I was around 20 (I'm 36 now) I've suffered from general anxiety and horrible panic attacks, really bad hypochondria. I've gone to the hospital thinking I was dying of everything. I graduated from an Ivy League college and suffered the entire time. Finally I decided to bite the billet and try lexapro (brand name not generic). I started at 10mg and had a week of terrible side effects including: depression, couldn't cry, weird feelings hard to describe, insomnia, increased anxiety, fatigue, all around shaky feeling. I couldn't deal with it so I started to cut the pills in half to 5 mg- side effects went away except I have increased libido (it gets annoying). No panic attacks. Still have anxiety a little tiny bit.
5147	8.0	I was diagnosed with anxiety after having several bouts of severe anxiety and many lesser episodes. On two occasions I went to the ER thinking I was having a heart attack. My Dr. prescribed Lexapro. I don't recall any of the issues other describe and after two weeks or so, I was feeling much better and only sufferred from a few smaller episodes. I have noticed that heavy drinking is a disaster while on this med and results in me feeling ill and panic. I have had no other side effects. I did run out for nearly a week once and did feel some negative feelings coming on. I do not plan to run out ever again. I have taken 10 mg since the start three years ago. Avoid heavy drinking!
5148	1.0	I was prescribed escitalopram for anxiety and panic attacks. I did not have any difference in anxiety and instead suffered from extreme depression and suicidal thoughts within a few weeks of being on it. My doctor made me promise to try this one for at least 6 weeks and the feeling only got worse and worse. I had to slowly ween myself off (as warned to do), and feel 100x better with that stuff out of my system. Apparently this side effect is rare, but very scary.
5149	9.0	Started on 5mg then moved up by 5 each month, currently on 15mg moving to 20 next week. I call this my miracle pill! First 5 days were hellish, worsened anxiety, headaches, tiredness, jaw clenching and just feeling out of it. But please stick it out! It's so worth it. I feel better than I have in years. I could hardly leave my house. Now I've done more in the past few weeks than I have in a year! Only reason I didn't rate it 10 is because I'm still not on recommended dose and still have a way to go. But all in all this has helped me so much. I'm a better person on this medication. Please try it. You don't have to suffer.
5150	2.0	"Been on Lexapro for 2 days.  Horrible nausea, headache.  My husband asked the pharmacist about help with this.  She recommended an over-the-counter liquid called Ematrol.  Used by children and adults.  It helped.  Also sipped ginger ale as needed.  Feel very out-of-body, shaky but trying to stick it out as everyone seems to say the first day/week is hell, but then all is good.  Am continuing on Klonopin, per my psychiatrist's recommendation, until the Lexapro kicks in.  Will try taking it at night, as this seems easier to ""ride out"" the side effects through sleep."
5151	1.0	"Absolutely ineffective for my GAD....stuck with it for a year based on pdoc advice. Now I have to deal with tapering. What a mistake that has been. 

Additionally, I have tried several other ssri's as well as a few ssri's all to no avail. Suicidal thoughts, intolerable side effects, lack of any efficacy.  

Without Benzodiazepan's I would not be here now."
5152	10.0	"I had panic attaches and anxiety for more than 5 months until I started on escitalopram. 
if feel much better after 2 weeks. i am still on this medication since 4 months a go. the Dr recommended to stay on this med for 1 to 1.5 year. i highly recommend this med to people with medium to severe anxiety and panic disorders.
What I also realized that my headaches nearly gone and i started eating and living well as i have not had any anxiety before."
5153	1.0	I read these reviews which helped me to make a decision to take this med so I will add my experience in the hopes it will help others. I am 56, male and had two minor heart attacks 6 months ago. That and a very stressful job caused many sleepless nights and some stress and anxiety. My Doctor suggested lexipro a few times and I finally decided to give it a try. I was prescribed 10 mg and broke them in half as a trial so 5 mg to start.The first 2-3 days I felt no change but by day 3-4 the side effects kicked in hard. Nausea, severe hot flashes, fullness and tightness in chest, fogginess, very anxious feelings. I decided to stop after 6 days and was worried about any withdrawal but the day I stopped I felt much better. just my experience.
5154	4.0	I've been on Lexapro for 2 years. Just recently switched to Effexor and Klonopin. Lexapro never really did much for me. At first, after the 2-week adjustment to the medicine which was hell, I thought it worked. But it may have just been placebo more than the medicine. Had multiple serious near life-changing anxiety attacks while on Lexapro which is why I switched. I couldn't be happier for switching. If you have anxiety, don't waste your time with an SSRI. Also, I've stopped taking lexapro multiple times. It's not too hard, you get aggravated at everything for a few days, the brain shocks aren't nearly as bad as people say they are.
5155	10.0	On my fourth day now taking this and I feel so much better. The first 2 days were hell for me. Side effects just like everybody else says. I felt like I was dizzy, nauseous, and had diarrhea. It just made me feel strange. But by the third day I felt amazing. I still felt a little weird at first but the side effects wore off quickly and then and began to stop overthinking things so much. It's almost as if I just started to feel at peace with everything like I was just laid back which is not how I ever was. No more of that chest pain or heavy breathing or sickening nervous feeling. Even my girlfriend could notice a difference in me as I was not so wound up about everything. just happy I can feel normal again
5156	9.0	I encountered a bout of hypochondria when Doctors couldn%u2019t diagnose some pain I was having.  Slight worry turned into full-blown panic attacks and daylong anxiety.  With anxiety comes a bunch of physical symptoms and I was certain each one of those symptoms was more proof of me having some sort of undiscovered health condition, feeding into the anxiety.  My physician suggested I try going on Lexapro for 6 months and I was at the end of my rope so I reluctantly agreed.  Side effects were horrible but they went away and within 1 month of my first dose I was completley back to normal.  I've now been off it for 6 months and its like my entire episode never happened.  Lexapro saved my life.
5157	10.0	I love this medication! I have been on it for about a year and it has made my life so much better.  I had been living with severe anxiety and depression.  After starting lexapro, I had some side effects such as the weird dreams, nausea, dizziness, and increased anxiety.  After 2 weeks, I started to feel so much better!  I now have less anxiety and I have not had a panic attack in 6 months! It is amazing how great I feel.  Finally, I can live my life like a normal 24 year old!  My advice to anyone who is on this medicine is to stay on it!  It is worth it!
5158	10.0	"I'm a hypersensitive and socially anxious person. After reading a tons of information about my issue, i decided to try a SSRI, Lexapro especially. I began using Lexapro 10mg about two weeks ago. It's a miracle drug, after just 4-5 days, my hypersensitivity and social anxiety almost gone!. I also notice a significant improvement in my premature ejaculation, which's a positive side-effect to me. What most people didn't know about SSRI, is that they acually don't reduce anxiety alone, scientific research suggest that they actually reduce ""neuroticism"", which include anxiety, fear, moodiness, worry, envy, frustration, jealousy, and loneliness"
5159	5.0	I am 28. I have been on this medicine now for 6 months being treated for sever OCD and anxiety. In 6 months time I have gained 30 ish pounds, my Sex drive is gone, I can not sleep at night (horrible and weird dreams), and I still can not stop thinking of a million and one things before I go to bed (example: I need to make my bed, dishes done, kids set for the next day,)  I am tired all the time and I have no energy anymore for anything. I feel like I'm a different person. However I am not as bad with my OCD as I was before taking it, I am actually calm at night rather than worried if something will happen, I am just all around calmer. I am up in the air with this drug because it does seem to work but am I too calm. I am not really myself.
5160	8.0	I started on lexapro about week and a half ago 10mg. I had anxiety and panic attacks so bad due to my job I couldn't even leave the house gripped in fear that I'll have another attack. I basically felt like my life as I knew it was coming to an end. My family was looking at me weird, close friends too. When I started this drug it increased my anxiety and I felt like I had the flu without the fever. The first 3 days were very hard to say the least, every side effect I felt. Then after about the 4th day I started to feel good. 7 days later I'm back to being me with no attacks, mild anxiety maybe twice every 10 hrs or so... So, I'm telling you to stick with it. You'll come out on the other end of things and start to feel some normalcy.
5161	8.0	"I just finished reading all these reviews about Lexapro, just prior I was reading all the reviews from people trying to get off Lexapro.. Crazy the things people go thru to get on this medication and then just as crazy the things you go thru to get off it. So what to do???? I have been on Lex for approx. 18 months my Dr put me on when there was a lot going on in my life and i told 'I had shopping cart rage"" :)  among others issues. I too went thru all the crap in the beginning and felt just stick it out. I did and I survived and things seemed better. fast forward 18 months later I thought my life has calmed down and I wanted off the meds. I also have Ambien and Xanax that I take ""as needed"" which isn't often. I ask my Dr about getting off"
5162	1.0	Don't try it, withdrawal is horrible. 5 days, no relief.
5163	5.0	I started to get anxiety when I went back to work. I was prescribed lexapro by my doctor and started 3 days ago.  A lot of the reviews say to keep sticking with it so I plan too. As far as the side effects, I get the nausea and dizziness but it's not so severe that I can't function. I do however, feel like I'm constantly zoning out and just staring out into space sometimes. I do notice I yawn a lot too and my lower jaw feels really tense all the time. Does anyone else have this problem? I'm going to keep sticking with this drug. There is such good reviews once the side effects subside and your body adjusts to it.
5164	5.0	I feel that this medication did decrease my anxiety (I have social anxiety) and made me feel less nervous in a lot more situations. I went on roller coasters and felt nothing for the most part. The only bad thing is that this medicine wrecked my sleeping patterns. I usually will wake up 7-8 hours after I fall asleep, but now I wake up maybe 10-11 hours after. I am sure that would be fine if I were 12, but I am not. I am so used to the way I have slept for so long that it feels pretty horrible to be such a heavy sleeper.
5165	3.0	I started 10mg lexapro 5 days ago for anxiety. I had been free from mirtazapine for about 9 days before starting. At first I though I had a tummy bug and stayed in bed the next day.... 5 days later and I'm still in bed and yesterday spoke with my doc who said to stop taking them. I was a complete nervous wreck... more than I had ever been without meds. Neither of the previous 2 meds (paxtine and mirtazapine) had side effects like this. This med is not for me sadly.
5166	9.0	"I have taken Lexapro 5-10mg for at least 15 years.  It was effective for me within a few days of beginning.  My anxiety causes me to be bad tempered and sometimes explosive.  (the straw that broke the camel's back).
I am calm, more focused, and am able to follow through with tasks better.
I don't know that I have experienced side effects other than trouble falling asleep.  I am 79 years old and it could be an ""old person thing""."
5167	10.0	This medicine has been a life saver. I was scared to take it because of all of the side effects that i read about but the only side effects i experienced were headache, slight appetite loss, and tiredness (I switched to taking this medicine at night and that took care of the tiredness). For me the side effects only lasted about a week or two which wasn't bad at all, and I started feeling a change in my anxiety and mood within a few days. This medicine has allowed me to be happy, and I haven't been able to feel happy for this many continuous days in years. The thing that this medicine has helped the most for me is my social anxiety, now I can actually go out in public and be myself and I don't have to worry what others think of me.
5168	10.0	I started having bad anxiety after I went back to work. I started on lexapro 5mg. I'm glad I stuck with it. Yes the side effects for the first 6 weeks were hell but after week 6 they ALL went away. I had every side effect too. But reading the reviews from people who said to stick it out it's worth it is what kept me going. After week 6 I went up to 10mg and was worried I was going to experience the side effects again. But nope no side effects. My anxiety is gone and I'm coming out of that black hole I was in. So please anyone reading this , yes stick with it! The start up side effects will go away. I had increased anxiety when I first started taking it but that too stopped. I am on the generic as well.
5169	10.0	I am over 70 after a lifetime of coping with  PTSD following severe childhood trauma.  I was past 40 before finally having a diagnosis,  None of the medicines I tried in therapy were truly effective so I was resigned to a limited life attempting to control symptoms of anxiety and of course, depression.  After three months of taking this medication, I am still astounded by the sense of quiet at the center of me.  When I need to go out (to the store, or to walk my dog) I just go, with no strategizing over how to avoid people.  I want to post this for other people with chronic PTSD.  Try this.  It may work for you too.  Life is peaceful and much easier now.
5170	3.0	"I've recently suffered a relationship breakdown. My anxiety eventually spiralled out of control to the point I walked out of my job, life &amp; all ""responsibilities"" to return home like a child.  OCD negative thoughts, inability to go 2 days without crying, constant fear of anxiety returning, weight loss and inability to sleep / function basically LIVE!! I was SO scared of the horror stories but at rock bottom there's nowhere but up right? I have been on 5mg for 4 days now. Taking it before bed. First night very nauseous, the next day feeling tired, teary &amp; ""distracted"". However, I have noticed a general improvement in my mood after 4 days. A good day yesterday and terrible today. BUT! I'm persevering. Thanks all for positive stories. :o)"
5171	9.0	I love lexapro. I started taking it when I was 14 from severe anxiety and OCD. My doctor basically begged my parents to put me on medication because I could not leave the house. I'm now 20 years old and about 6 months ago I thought I no longer needed the lexapro because I was feeling better. WHAT A MISTAKE. After the taper my OCD came back just as bad as it was when I was 14. So my Pdoc put me on prozac. It made me manic. I then tried Brintellix, again it made me crazy. So I went back to the lexapro and yes the start up side effects suck, headache, dizzy (that woosh feeling in you brain), upset stomach and brain fog, and every time I bumped  up the dose I had an increase in anxiety, but after 5 weeks I finally have my life back. Stick it out!!!!
5172	9.0	I'm introverted and suffered some depression and anxiety due to a recent IRS audit and personal problems at home , I landed in the hospital for 4 days after test on my heart etc everything cleared but stress and anxiety , I'm 40 and in good shape , Dr put me on Lexapro , first two weeks were brutal , emotional rollercoster and insomia, I asked my Dr if he was sure these were not estrogen pills. After two weeks I started to feel awesome , better then before I'm on my eighth week and lost weight , motivated to go to gym , tolerate my wife's extroverted friends , I feel better then I did my entire life , even before my depression issues , crowds and loud people go over my head nothing irritates me anymore , sexual sides I last longer win win
5173	10.0	I started on 10 mg of Lexapro in October 2014. I stayed on that dose for 2 months and felt horrible the whole time. Nausea, dizziness, diarrhea, severe gas, and more anxiety. I lowered to 5mg and finally started to feel like myself. Long story short, I raised back up to 10 mg in April 2015 and haven't felt this good in years. Most all side effects gone. I have it a 10 because I couldn't hardly leave my house before. I'm finally living again. It is a process, but don't quit and don't give up. Its worth the results to stick with it.
5174	9.0	I noticed pretty good results within two weeks- my general anxiety lowered significantly, but I still get frequent panic attacks.
5175	10.0	Wow, I'm still in shock as to how much this medication has changed my life in the past two weeks. I started on 5 mg for 6 days and then switched to 10 mg and I've felt happier than I have ever before in my life. I wasn't aware of the extent of how bad my social anxiety and depression were until they were gone. I have a new sense of self-worth and drive for my life that I have never felt before. I am so thankful that I have found something that has made my anxiety completely gone. The only side effect I've experienced is a little loss of appetite (used to be an emotional eater) and also have trouble staying asleep throughout the night (I think this is due to the interruption of REM sleep on an SSRI, but I could be wrong).
5176	10.0	"Lexapro saved my life and saved my mind.  I have pure OCD and anxiety.  I tried other anxiety medications before and was ready to give up.  My primary doctor recommended I try Lexapro. I started off at 10mg and started to feel better after a month or two but was still having compulsions from my OCD (although much fewer) so I asked my Doctor to up my medication.  She put me on 20mg and I have been on 20mg for more than six months now.  My life has changed.  I have never felt so alive and so real.  I have never felt so sane.  I can function for the first time in ten years at the degree someone ""normal"" functions act."
5177	10.0	Lexapro is great. I started when my panic attacks and depression made me unable to function at all and I was too afraid to leave my house. My thoughts would race and I was just a mess. I started on 5mg for a week which was like nothing but then upped to 10mg and after 3 weeks I was beginning to feel less anxious and more stable. After 6 weeks I'd say I felt normal. I'm going to try come off them after being on them for a year and a half. I haven't had a panic attack in over a year so for panic disorder they work fantastically well. I've experienced no side effects with this drug.
5178	10.0	"This is the first time I have ever posted a review of anything online, but I feel an obligation to share my experience to other suffering with anxiety. I suffer from GAD which included panic attacks, muscle aches, and a horrible temper.  I avoided this medication fearing weight gain (as I already gained 10 lbs over the year) and sexual dysfunction.  When I explained this to my doctor, he replied ""Have you ever considered whether being anxious has caused you to eat more, drink more, and maybe have sex less often?"". I have been on Lexapro for 6 months now, and my only regret is not starting this treatment sooner. I have lost 15 lbs as I don't eat and drink as much anymore, and my love life has improved. Anxiety sucks. You don't have to suffer!"
5179	9.0	"I have suffered from mild depression/moderate to severe anxiety for several years now. I married for the second time January 2014 (blended family) which started to exacerbate all my issues!  Runaway thoughts of scenarios that ""might"" happen and how I would react.  Very emotionally unstable.  Tendency to over-react immediately to minor situations (plus the run away thoughts start....) and would physically have to calm myself down.  Easily irritated.
Finally went to my Dr. and she put me on 10 mg Lexapro last week.
The effects were evident withing 24 hours.  No immediate over reaction, run away negative thoughts almost completely gone....wow.  How could a little pill make such a huge difference?!?"
5180	9.0	"This medication was a game changer for me. 

After trying Prozac, Zoloft and Celexa with no effect I thought I was destined to have panic attacks for the rest of my life. Celexa even worsened my anxiety, causing my to go to the emergency room twice. 
At the time i started Lexapro, i was having debilitating symptoms, atleast 1 to 2 panic attacks a day with racing heart, racing thoughts, generally feeling like I was losing my goddamn mind. After a month of the Lexapro my anxiety began to calm, I have now been on it for 3 years and am relatively symptom free. I still experience heightened anxiety and the occationally panic attack but it is so much more managable and I am able to apply coping skills successfully."
5181	8.0	I had anxiety symptoms such as dreading work daily, and physical symptoms such  as lack of energy and almost a  dizziness feeling that would start a few hours into my day and continue until I was home relaxing. This medicine has improved mostly all of my symptoms, except for the occasion day that is very stressful. I would recommend to anyone, and cannot imagine going off any time soon. Hope this helps someone else.
5182	10.0	"Had extreme anxiety, panic attacks, couldn't ever sleep and excessive worrying.  Lexapro helped immediately I went from 10 mg to eventually 20mg it helped so much but I gained about 15 lbs.  I craved sweets and carbs all the time!  My Dr. told me to try to go back to 10mg but then I became very irritable, so I went back to 20mg for months.  Just last night I tried 15mg...Wow!  My appetite is normal, no food binges, no sleepy fog, no anxiety, and my energy already feels normal!!  It is only the first day, but I am hoping this dose is my permanent one.  Before Lexapro I was getting a lot of OCD type scary thoughts that would not leave my mind-made me feel like I was going crazy and now my Dr. discovered I have a genetic factor.
Lifer -Lexapro"
5183	9.0	I've had terrible anxiety and stress problems for a few years. I've been on this medication for 2 weeks and I can feel the difference all ready .. The first week was weird... Trippy . I'm on 10mg and I'm so happy my constant worry is going.. I'm free to live again
5184	10.0	I have had mild social anxiety and depression throughout my entire adult life, but as I quit smoking a couple of years ago, both the anxiety and depression ramped up to the point that they were unbearable.  I was afraid to leave my house, afraid to  go out in public, afraid of was what to come next, as my condition was getting worse day by day.  My doctor saw right away that something was wrong and prescribed me Lexapro, 10mg a day.  Ive never been a fan of taking anti depressants or any pills for that matter, but felt like had no choice.  During the six months I took Lexapro my confidence skyrocketed, I learned to be at ease in any situation and felt great.  Stopped after 6 months, but the anxiety nor depression never returned.  love it
5185	8.0	I've been on lexapro for 4 days now, and I'm honestly feeling so much better. I read in some reviews that some of you guys experienced nausea, and I fortunately didn't. I just feel better. And I hope that as the time goes by my anxiety fades away even more.
5186	9.0	"I was terribly bullied in high school, made fun of my sexuality and developed an extremely high amount of social anxiety. I would shudder at the thought of going to school. I had lost hope.  Visited a psychiastrist. Was prescribed Escitalopram. The medicine did not seem as if it was working in the first few months. 
I was given anti anxiety medicines too so I always credited them whenever I felt better. However,  it has almost been an year and now I am only on Escitlopram. I realised I do not need to take any medicine at all because I am just soo confident. I realised that i am suddenly not at all hesitant to go for movies or anywhere
Confidence = restored and depression = forgotten."
5187	9.0	Please, please give it a chance to work. The first week my anxiety ramped up. A few days in I was so sick in the morning I was concerned I may be pregnant (nope, the meds did it). But the nausea subsided and the anxiety slowed down and at about 5 weeks in it was basically gone. Xanax helped, but I no longer need it now. Prior to this I felt like the walls were closing in on me. I couldn't focus and I was filled with terror and unreality. Lexapro made these symptoms go away. I don't have constant thoughts and I don't live 'in my head'. Please give it a chance. Stick it out, I promise it worth it,  if you felt anything like I did you deserve to feel better and it saved me from the looney bin. I have my life back. 5 mgs. to start and now on 10
5188	9.0	I am a 36 year old female. I have been on Lexapro for 4 months now, and It has definitely helped to change my life for the better.  I had crippling anxiety and depression, and finally went to the dr when it reached the point that I could not leave the house to go to work (some days) or even to the grocery store.  The first two weeks I took 10 mg/day and now I am on 20 mg/day.At first it made me sort of loopy and low sex drive but those things evened out.   I wish I would have started it sooner.  Please give this medicine a try if you have depression or anxiety.
5189	8.0	I took 2.5 mg. for about a week and it helped incredibly. Then I began taking 5 mg. and after a few weeks I realized that it didn't help as much as the 2.5 mg. that I took before so I went back to taking only 2.5 mg. and it really helps. If it doesn't help you need to try taking different amounts and see what works for you.
5190	10.0	After many, many, many medications, this is the ONLY one that has ever helped!
5191	10.0	I have been on 10mg of Lexapro 3 days. Day one: I was really dizzy and couldn't keep my eyes open. Day 2: was awful. I kept throwing up a few hours after taking it. It felt like a hangover and flu mixed. Everything hurt. By the end of day 2 I noticed I wasn't spending my day planning, thinking, and breaking down tiny details. I was in the moment. It was a little boring at times but it was extremely refreshing. It was amazing to want to go do things without having to make sure everything was thought of. There were no rushes of chest pains. I felt like I should tell everyone how wonderful it was like not be consumed by thought. Day 3: light dizziness and sore muscles. light anxiety after an argument and a concert. I have very high hopes now.
5192	10.0	"I had been experiencing a period of anxiety and racing negative thought processes. This was followed by a spell of depression, so my doctor put me onto 10mg of escitalopram. The first couple of weeks were very up and down, and I felt really tired a lot of the time; also sometimes my moods would cycle very quickly (within a day) from depressed to highly anxious. I stuck with it, as I had read good reviews about it, and by week 3 I began to feel ""normal"" for the first time in years!! No anxiety, no racing thoughts, no depression. I've been sleeping well for the first time in ages. My relationship with my family and boyfriend have improved DRAMATICALLY. I feel like a changed person."
5193	1.0	Made my anxiety even worse, was unable to make it past a couple weeks.
5194	10.0	"I had crippling anxiety for about a decade (childhood to early twenties). Panic attacks, social anxiety, and ""generalized anxiety"" were some of the titles I had gotten. Bottom line I couldn't interact with others, perform simple tasks, speak in public, make eye contact, the list goes on. I had HORRIBLE anxiety panic and depression for years. I developed a pretty serious drinking problem because I was not being treated for anxiety! I was suicidal and finally sought help. Lexapro 10mg at first. I didn't feel different the first month or so. You need to give Lexapro time! I am 100% a different person. People think I am calm, confident, and put together. I feel no panic. No irrational anxiety. It saved my life."
5195	1.0	Lexapro made everything worse for me. Had horrible side effects! Teeth clinching, headaches, zombie like, no energy, insomnia and horrible nightmares. Had to stop after 3 days.
5196	9.0	I've struggled with anxiety and panic attacks since I was about 20. I'm 31 now and it flared up again this year, so I started on 5mg of escitalopram after seeing my doctor. The first few weeks were really hard. I felt sick and had no appetite at all - great for weight loss! But not very nice feeling so nauseous. I also felt much much more anxious, really horribly panicky at times, I felt quite desperate. I'd say it took 3-4 weeks to subside and since then I've felt so so much better. I'm calmer and more positive and less plagued by anxious thoughts all the time. I just feel like me again. It's quite an incredible medication &amp; I'm so grateful that its there &amp; it works. The first few weeks are really hard but it's so worth sticking with it!
5197	6.0	I've suffered from severe social anxiety and depression for quite some time. I was always terrified of going on pills and wanted to figure it out mentally. I always denied I needed help. It's gotten so bad recently that I struggle to leave the house. I'm only 17!! I went to the doctor and he prescribed me 10mg of Lexapro. I'm an emetophobic and one of the possible side effects was nausea so that was almost a deal breaker for me. I don't think I've experienced real side effects apart from difficulty reaching orgasm and headaches. My phobia makes me feel like I'm gettin side effects when I'm not- good old anxiety. Been on them for 2 days and am praying it gets better.
5198	9.0	Pretty sure I've had an anxiety issue my entire life. I'm in my late 20s and it was starting to affect my job. Been on escitalopram 10mg for 6 weeks and have not once felt like I was going to have a heart attack. I take it at night. First week I had every side effect listed. My jaw clenched for probably 3 weeks. I feel like I'm able to focus more and don't feel as flustered all the time. I also dont feel like im crawling out of skin when surrounded by large amounts of people. Things seem okay for now.
5199	5.0	"Hi been taking 10mg escitalopram for around 4 months it did work for depression and anxiety but still wasn't enough unfortunately didn't work for OCD and my anxiety is back. I'm trying with 20mg I'm 21 and I have suffered from anxiety and OCD long time.
It's very expensive also"
5200	10.0	Absolutely saved my life. After having severe facial pain for 3 months and not one doctor could diagnose me... I started have bad anxiety and depression. I was always that person that was so against anti depressants and anxiety medicine. My family kept telling me I needed to do something so I finally decided to take Lexapro! I have been on it for a little over 2 months and it was the best decision I've made. It has made me mentally relax and when any issues arise I'm able to think about it calmly and rationally, when before I would panic over everything. The first week the side effects were pretty bad, so make sure you take an anxiety medication with it.               (For 2 weeks -1 month) until the side effects disappear. Highly recommend
5201	10.0	Lexapro has given me my life back. Now I'm back to work, back at the gym, socializing, running errands - all things that for the past year I could not do. I feel more at ease with life in general and my depression has also lifted. My husband has noted that I'm much easier to get along with and in turn he is happier. I've tried other meds in the past but this has worked wonders for me. I started on 5mg then after 2 months I went to 10mg. No weight gain at all, sleeping better and smiling more.
5202	10.0	This med is amazing. 23 year old christian college grad with every type of anxiety for the past 2 years. Could barely go to class or the grocery store, felt dissociated, distant and terrified of people (including friends). Was scared to try any drug but after losing my job and needing to go out and interview I decided to try something. 3 days in and I feel totally changed. No anxiety. Clear head. Feel like I could even move countries to work and I've been out more in a weekend than I have been in 3 months combined. I take 5mg and 25mg of hydroxyzine to balance out the side effects (blurry vision, headaches, muscle spasms etc). Don't be scared just try it. I regret not going on this sooner.
5203	10.0	This med is amazing. 23 year old christian college grad with every type of anxiety for the past 2 years. Could barely go to class or the grocery store, felt dissociated, distant and terrified of people (including friends). Was scared to try any drug but after losing my job and needing to go out and interview I decided to try something. 3 days in and I feel totally changed. No anxiety. Clear head. Feel like I could even move countries to work and I've been out more in a weekend than I have been in 3 months combined. I take 5mg and 25mg of hydroxyzine to balance out the side effects (blurry vision, headaches, muscle spasms etc). Don't be scared just try it. I regret not going on this sooner.
5204	10.0	I have been on Lexapro 10 mg  for a year and a half for depression and anxiety, along with generic remeron 15mg as sleep aid. Last summer I switched to only generic remeron (mirtrazipine) and my mood started to go up and down.  The thing with lexapro is it takes away inhibition. That also includes being more impulsive. So be careful when upset. It also ramped up anxiety in the first couple of weeks  and drives you nuts. I am getting back slowly on lexapro for 2 weeks. I got a few anxiety crisis so I take half 10mg and will try to increase slowly. Despite this minus, this is the best thing so far. BTW, generic escitalopram sucks. Tried and doesn't do the trick for  me.
5205	10.0	Hi started this medication Cipro 2.5 years ago only 5mg. I had side effects to start including joint pain, Brain zaps, dizziness but it passed after 4-7 days and I have been back to myself working a full time job, driving again and living my life. Recommend it for sure.
5206	9.0	I've been on Lexapro for probably 7 years now. I've had severe anxiety, panic attacks, mood issues, EDs, and depression for a long time. Lexapro has helped immensely. I had side effects for the first few weeks (night sweats, felt tired, maybe increased anxiety at first) but I stuck with it and it's been my staple drug throughout these years compared to the 20  I have tried. I ultimately needed to add a mood stabilizer to get further relief, but Lexapro is definitely a huge help in that. I am on 10mg and Lamictal 50mg
5207	9.0	I have been taking Lexapro (10 mg) for three months now.  The first month, I had side effects such as extreme tiredness and nausea, then heartburn later but after a few weeks, those things got better and the medication has really helped my depression and anxiety.  Everyone encouraged me to see it through and not stop.  I'm so glad they did!  I feel almost normal again.  I still get tired sometimes and do have the occasional bout of nausea but that's easy to live with knowing that I can laugh again and my family sees a happier wife and mom.  Also, I'm finding that taking a couple of teaspoons of apple cider vinegar chased with a glass of water every day has seemed to help with the heartburn.
5208	10.0	Within a week I felt an immediate change. I no longer obsess over tiny little details or let opportunities pass me by because of my anxiety. I feel like a normal person. Give it a chance!!!
5209	6.0	I am on day 2 of 20 mg escitalopram and this is my first time taking any kind of SSRI. The first day I got really sleepy and felt kind of numb. Also extremely nauseous and a little loss of appetite. Today(day 2) I didn't get sleepy right away after taking the pill and I am not as nauseous. Oh I have been yawning a lot. I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Social Anxiety. Overall it isn't bad so far.
5210	10.0	I had severe panic attacks for 6 months! I developed derealization and was scared of everything. I felt like I was living in a nightmare. I felt relief from Lexapro immediately. I was foggy headed at first but that went away. I feel amazing after 2 months of taking it. I feel like my old self again. The only side effect is dizziness at night sometimes. I only take 5 mg.
5211	9.0	On Lexapro 14 months now. I almost never want Xanax anymore, and I am sleeping better than I have since I was a teenager (I am 46). Two negative results: sex drive has decreased markedly, and I've had a 10% weight gain. But even with these two factors, I would never consider going back to the person I was before Lexapro.
5212	4.0	I've started Escitalopram 10mg 2 weeks ago and felt great on day 3 &amp; 4, after that It stopped working. I'm having a hard time dealing with that, because the feeling It gave me on day 3&amp;4 was the best I've felt all my life. I upped the dose to 20mg now it's day 3 on 20mg and still nothing.
5213	10.0	"I have been on escitalopram for about 2 weeks and stilling feeling the anxiety..BUT I know I have to give it time to work and not rush the good feeling it will give in  time.
I was thinking maybe I need 20mg instead of 1.5mg. May visit my doctor to confrim.
I know it works and time will tell."
5214	10.0	Lexapro (escitalopram) has saved my life twice.  8 years ago it helped pull me out of horrible depression/anxiety from postpartum depression after my 3rd child was born.  I actually ended up in the ER's psych ward.  This time I fell back into a horrible place at the beginning of the holiday season.  No real reason this time.  Just horribly depressed and full of anxiety.  I take 10 mg every day and I am in my 6th week.The differences is night and day.  I can sleep, eat, and enjoy life again with out waiting for the other shoe to drop.  I am very grateful, and would recommend this medicine to anyone who is as scared as I was.
5215	8.0	It is great to read all your different experiences with Escitalopram and it gives me hope that a lot of you have been able to benefit from this. I am only on Day 3 with 10 mg  Escitalopram (1st time on AD) and I really hope this will reducere my SA and GAD after 10 years of suffering
5216	10.0	Taking Lexapro was the best decision I've ever made!! I've struggled with anxiety and depression since I was a kid. I had never taken any medications for it until I was 24. The anxiety had taken over my life, I could barely go to work and I was up for most of my nights because my mind would be going 100 miles an hour and I couldn't get my mind to stop racing. I had a lot of social anxiety. Every single little thing would seem like such a huge task or issue. I felt completely exhausted all the time, all I wanted to do was sleep. After about 4 months of being it Lexapro I can finally say I am the happiest I've ever been! I've even started college which is something I thought I would never have the courage to do.
5217	10.0	Before Lexapro I was extremely stressed out for at least a year before taking it. Everything my boyfriend would do would cause me to snap. I would snap on family members constantly as well. If they were chewing too loud, whistling, or looking at me, I would flip out and yell. No lie here...within 2 days I had noticed a day and night difference. My boyfriend absolutely adores me now. I love who I am and I can't imagine life the way it was before. This medicine was/is a miracle to me. The only side effect I had was yawning often the first two days, but that went away. I love living life now and enjoy myself. I can't express enough how much it has helped. My life has taken an absolute 180!
5218	10.0	8 years ago I had my 3rd child, a healthy baby girl, and suffered from horrible postpartum depression.  My OBGYN put me on 10 mg Lexapro and after a few more terrible days and a trip to the ER I ended up in a psychiatrist office. He added mirtazapine to help me eat and sleep and in 2 weeks I was much better.  I was able to stop the mirtazapine and took the Lexapro for a full year. I am so grateful to those 2 Dr's who helped me crawl out off a very dark hole.  A month ago I fell back in and my anxiety kicked into high gear. I was barely functioning.  After 2 weeks my psychologist put me back on 10 Mg Escitalopram.  I am entering my 3rd week and feel much better.  This medicine has been wonderful.  Prayer   medicine   talk therapy.
5219	8.0	I'm a 39 y/o female who experienced increased anxiety and finally anxiety attacks at night due to a series of health issues I was dealing with. After other treatments and trying to get off Klonopin I decided to try an SSRI. I started with 2.5 mg of escitalopram with immediate results of reduced anxiety. The next day I bumped it up to 5mg and then began experiencing terrible back pain from neck to hips and sciatica. I tried to stay on for a week but gave up and I am trying Zoloft now. Lexapro was very effective for my anxiety and panic. I did have 2-3 nights of bad insomnia that first week of Lexapro but it started to improve. I would be on it if not for back pain.
5220	3.0	I was taking it with pauses for 4 years. It eradicated my anxiety but gradually it eradicated also my libido. No visual stimulation, spontaneous erections, lust and passion. I am 36 in good shape and don't have other health problems.
5221	10.0	During a recent stretch of terrible anxiety which  crept up very slowly, I suddenly became incapacitated. I was in fear of everything and I couldn't function- AT ALL. I went to my doctor and explained the symptoms and he recommended Lexapro 10 mg. with Klonopin .5 mg. as needed. I took both medications and the Klonopin erased all the startup side effects of the Lexapro such as increased nervousness, insomnia, and poor appetite. As soon as the Lexapro kicked in, ( about three weeks) I was able to step off the Klonopin and have felt great ever since. Anxiety has been wiped out and sleep has improved. I feel 100% better. Don't give up, this medication WORKS !!
5222	9.0	"I didn't realize how bad I was until I took this medicine!  I'll start back: for seven years, I was either pregnant or breastfeeding and my mood deteriorated the whole time.  A year before I took Lexapro, I was almost done nursing my youngest and started to get awful pelvic spasms.  Then, once I finished nursing, I developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome.  After that, anxiety attacks.  My Dr. said, ""We gotta put you on something"" so I asked for something to help calm my stomach and nerve pain in my pelvis.  I started on 5 mg, then 10 mg 2 weeks later.  It's been 4 weeks and I'm seeing an amazing difference.  Pelvic pain significantly reduced, stomach eased, and I'm happier and the ""shakes"" and nervousness have lessened.  Still have some dry mouth, so be prepared. A !"
5223	10.0	I thank God for Lexapro! I have been taking 10 mg for a year now and it has worked wonderfully! Before Lexapro I had severe anxiety &amp; depression, now I am free of that!  I was also addicted to Xanax, taking like 3-4 mg a day, now I might take 1/2 mg once every 2 weeks.  I am working on not taking Xanax at all.  If have doubts about Lexapro,  please try it &amp; it WILL work!
5224	10.0	Best medication ever. It takes a bit to kick in but once it does ....amazing.  I am on my way to getting my life back. Don't get discouraged it works. I was in my sixth week before i felt it and my doctor increased me to 20 mg and things are going great.
5225	9.0	I waited 2 months to write this because I was convinced it wouldn't work for me. Lexapro WORKS. Stick it out before giving up. I got much worse before I got better. I started at 10 mg and am now at 20 mg. In the beginning, my anxiety and obsessive thoughts got a lot worse, and when I increased my dose it spiked up again. But it finally passed and the difference is huge. I feel like me again, but me without crippling anxiety and constant obsessive thoughts. My periods do make it worse. My side effects of dry mouth, constipation, sleeplessness, heavy sweating all are gone now. And NO sexual issues for me. Oh, and don't be scared of the generic - that's what I take. Hang in there and give it time!
5226	10.0	I've been on and off Lexapro for 6 years. I got off it twice thinking I was completely fine and then a year later (both times getting off) my anxiety came back tenfold. I am back on Lexapro now and happier than ever. Many people are scared of being on medicine or asking for help but we are all made differently and some of us need medicines to live a fuller, more amazing life. Lexapro has enabled me to accomplish things I didn't see possible and allowed me to relax and enjoy life more! Everyone has their own definition as anxiety but to me if your anxiety is interfering with your every day life then try everything you can to remediate it. I have tried yoga, vitamins/ other homeopathic remedies and as much as I wished they worked, they didn't.
5227	10.0	I'm a 43yo male and my doc prescribed 10mg Lexapro for Generalised Anxiety Disorder. It's been 6 weeks now and I've got to say the change has been brilliant. I no longer have those really bad anxiety moments, instead I can now brush them aside if they do rear their head. I'm bursting with energy, motivated, far more outgoing, and above all much happier than prior to taking Lexapro. I now sleep like a normal human and each day I get up ready to tackle a new day with positivity and confidence. I have also seen a counsellor  several times which has helped me get to the root causes of my anxiety. I would highly recommend anyone prescribed Lexapro for anxiety to do the same. Side effects have been minimal and were mainly in the first week.
5228	10.0	"I've been on escitalopram for almost two years. I started at 10mg and it didn't work to well. I recently went up to 20mg because I felt anxious about every little thing like before I started. Now, I feel awesome! I'm happy at my job. I'm more social at school. I always look on the bright side. It's really cool. And, it's not like an unnatural ""high"" or feeling. It's just like being myself but in a general good mood most of the time. Side effect is sexual, but I don't believe in pre-marital sex anyway. It goes away after I stop taking it. But, I find myself not thinking about sexual things so much. It's a definite plus! Keeps me on the right path."
5229	10.0	"My Anxiety symptoms before Lexapro
I was always paranoid of people judging me and just wasn't myself because I always felt panicked.  I would socially isolate myself from friends and family, which then drove me into depression.  My anxiety inhibited myself from learning and grasping new knowledge because I was too anxious to even learn.  Even doing the smallest tasks (paying bills) would cause an overwhelming amount of anxiety.

Now (after 4 weeks on 10 mg)
- I'm mellow, feel confident. Someone I just met pegged me as an intellect! God knows how long anxiety has made me doubt my intelligence.  I'm able to do tasks easier, which has reduced my procrastination.  It hasn't completely reduced my depression, but Im thinking of trying 20 mg."
5230	10.0	"Before taking Lexapro I would be very uncomfortable around  people and I would become depressed because I continued to deal with mild obsessive compulsive disorder.  My job is also very stressful as I am a manager at an entertainment business and would obsess over my job so I would not miss any details.  I had no time for life outside of work because I would obsess over my job and ""worse case scenario"".  I am a 26 year old and when I was younger, around 17,  doctors would treat me with all types of depressive medications.  With negative outcomes, I decided young that I would not take any more medications and ""toughen"" it out.   NOW with events leading up to me taking Lexapro, I am a new person and I don't worry about little things any more.  The OCD is GONE!"
5231	10.0	"Before I took this medication, I had severe social anxiety. I would often stay silent because of hurting someone's feelings or I was afraid of embarassment. I constantly worried about what people thought of me. It was ruining my life. My doctor started me on Paxil but I couldnt take the physical symptoms. When I started taking Lexapro it felt like a huge weight was taken off of my shoulders. I could be myself again! I usually take it at night because it makes me a little drowsy. 
 Months later, I got a job working for a school near me as a bus monitor. I ride the preschool and high school buses to maintain safety and prevent bullying. Without Lexapro, I DEFINITELY would have not been able to be in that position before."
5232	9.0	I began feeling very anxious and getting anxiety attacks almost every morning. This went on for months and finally I told my doctor. She gave me a low dose of Xanax and it helped a bit but once it wore off, I had to take more since my anxiety returned. I asked my doctor to put me on Lexapro and I swear, it started to work almost immediately! I have been on it two weeks now and I've only had one minor anxiety attack, and every day I'm feeling a little better. I'm already feeling much calmer and more peaceful and I only take 5mg at night. My sleep is better too! The only side effects were nausea, and diarrhea (which are subsiding) and weight loss (which I don't mind). I'm feeling so much more hopeful now, and I had almost lost hope.
5233	10.0	"My experience thus far on this mediicne is absolutely life changing. I have never taken any form of medication in my life bar antibiotics on a couple of occasions, however when anxiety hit me out of nowhere I thought I was losing my mind. I could not think or function. I didn't have the strength to stomach food and was afraid all the time. I could not work and thought that living was becoming impossible. As a result of this I became depressed and the vicious cycle continued. I thought I would never escape this feeling. 

It all became too much for me after about a month and I went to my doctor a blithering mess. He prescribed me 10mg Lexapro and I regained my life. 14 days later I am back to normal and happy smiling. Get your life back."
5234	7.0	"I've had anxiety and panic attacks for many years.  I've tried diet and exercise,meditiation, herbs, and when I finally realized how many things I was missing out on with my family and friends I knew I needed to try medicine.  First I tried Buspar which offered no help and made me really dizzy. Next was Lexapro.  
    The first couple of days on Lexapro i noticed nothing. By day 4 I was really tired and had a headache. Day 5-6 was the same and I was very anxious and couldn't sleep.  By this point i am so tired I have to sleep late, sleep at lunch and go to bed early.  On day 8-10 my ears rang and I almost gave up. On day 11 I FINALLY started to feel better.  Waiting for 4 weeks to see full benefits, but the side effects DO go away."
5235	10.0	Lexapro saved my life. I was locked into worry, self-recrimination, and rumination.  I couldn't let go of the past and see myself in a good light.  Within a couple of days the anxiety lifted and I could finally SLEEP! I've been taking it now for 6 weeks.  In that time, I got a volunteer job that I love and I'm so upbeat. I'm grateful for this site because I read others' experiences which led me to ask my psychiatrist for Lexapro.  Thanks to the posts about taking only the brand name Lexapro (my psychiatrist concurs).  It's difficult taking medicines because with emotional/mental problems we feel out of control and taking a medicine that doesn't work makes us feel more out of control. It's worth trying until you find what works.  Don't give up.
5236	10.0	Lexapro literally saved my life.  I had such bad anxiety before taking this medicine.
5237	10.0	Male, 50, about 1 yr ago experienced sudden onset of debilitating generalized anxiety disorder.  Suffered 3 months trying benzodiazepines, Buspar, Wellbutrin and Lexapro 10 mg.  Settled on Lexapro 20 mg.  100% symptom-free in about 1 month.  After 1 year, tapered off about a month ago.  ZERO negative side effects from tapering and 100% recovery.  I'm not one to suggest a miracle but this is about as close as it gets.
5238	10.0	Been on Lexapro for quite a few years now. It helped me a great deal, my anxiety was out of control. I now lead a pretty normal life now. I would have been sent to the loony bin if it wasn't for Lexapro.
5239	9.0	I started Lexapro less than 3 weeks ago and I absolutely love it. I was extremely nauseous and threw up several time just hours after taking it my first week, so I started taking it an hour before bed (also makes me very drowsy so it helps me fall asleep). I am no longer feeling sick whatsoever. I have lost more than 10 pounds and have gained TONS of self-confidence. I highly recommend trying Lexapro.
5240	4.0	"Starting Lexapro was tough.  Shivering with stomach cramps, for a week I constantly felt like I had taken some bad, terribly impure Ecstasy.

Once I became acclimated to the drug, my postpartum anxiety disappeared; however, I was incredibly fatigued during the day.

I also stopped caring about most things in general.  My house wasn't as clean and creative endeavors came to a halt.  My short term memory declined.  It felt like my brain was muffled.

I experienced lucid, unnerving dreams/nightmares most nights while taking Lexapro.

I gained 8 pounds in the 8 months I took it, all in my middle.  It took a long time to get this off afterward.

Getting off Lexapro was also tough, with back pain, insomnia, and 10 days of ""brain zaps""."
5241	10.0	I was very anti-medication. I think people with anxiety often have a phobia of medication. This is too bad, because it can be a total life saver. After a year of anxiety and agoraphobia with hypochondria, I relented and tried the Lexapro. I had not been able to leave the house which was debilitating. I had very few side effects with the meds-maybe minor headaches. After 2 weeks I was able to travel. After 6 weeks I was able to go back to work. It has been two months and I continue to do better. I still need to work on some of the phobic situations, but have not had a panic attack in 2 months. It is a miracle medicine. I do hope I don't need to be on it forever, but for now I am so very happy I took the plunge.
5242	10.0	The first few weeks adjusting to this medicin3 I wasn't sure if it was for me.....but I stuck with it and glad I did. My anxiety went from on average a rating on a scale from one to ten at an average of 8 down to a 3. Situations that normally would be borderline panic attack are now tolerable and even comfortable. I feel more confident and less anxious. I'm grateful for this medication.
5243	10.0	I have experienced horrible panic attacks and anxiety my whole life but went unnoticed until a major breakdown this summer. I was unable to sleep, had panic attacks at work and could barely function. I had thoughts of doom and my emotions were out of control. The anxiety lead to depression and it felt like my life was spinning out of control.  I have since sought help and am doing great on 10mg of Lexapro and 1 mg Klonpin for anxiety. My moods are also better, worrysome thoughts are under control.  I highly recommend this medication to anyone suffering from anxiety and depression.
5244	10.0	After trying to deal with my anxiety without taking medication for the past 2 yrs I finally gave in and asked my doctor for a recommendation. She prescribed me Lexapro the 1st 2 days were a little scary (especially after reading the 20 million positive and negative reviews) I felt more anxious and on edge than ever but my search results said that would happen and my doctor had told me I would get worse before I started feeling better so I figured it was normal. After the first 2 days I got the over anxious feeling, so I started focusing on watching out for any other side effects and just getting used to it. The constant yawning the 1st few weeks was just annoying but working out helped a bit. 1 month later and things are going better.
5245	8.0	I started Lexapro for major anxiety and moderate depression. I'm on 6 weeks and finally feeling better. I am more energized and motivated than ever. Because of my bad anxiety, I went from 5mg, to 10mg, and then to 20mg. It's been a long battle but I am feeling hopeful again and want to do things! The anxiety is still barely there. The depression is gone! I can't wait until I see the full effects at around 2 months.
5246	10.0	Lexapro is a lifesaver. Do not worry about the negative reviews, and keep in mind that the majority of them have been written by people who got off after days or a few weeks. Anxiety got a lot worse in the beginning. When it does, you get scared. Scared that the pills won't work. Scared that it will be like this for ever. But it DOES get better. For me, it really took a long time. I felt a very gradual improvement every week, and after about 3 months my anxiety was practically gone. I feel like a new person - it is amazing that a pill is able to do this. And for any emetophobics reading this: It helps against that fear as well. I didn't experience any nausea, but kept Reglan just in case. Sex drive lower, but able to orgasm. Life is good.
5247	10.0	I've found a lot of these posts quite encouraging.  I started taking Lexapro 6 to 8 years ago - 20mg and definitely felt it was a miracle for that entire 6 to 8 years.  I was really stressed and couldn't concentrate at work.  Sure, I still had stresses, but they didn't seem to be unmanageable. I was probably doing a little 'too' fine because I tried to get off of it about 3 months ago because I want to see if I could actually go without medicines.  BIG MISTAKE!!  A couple of life stressers recently popped up and sent my anxiety into overdrive.  I immediately called my Dr. to get my prescription refilled.  Currently on day 4 and battling anxiety and insomnia, but hopeful that the magic will return soon! I think I'm a lifer on this medicine!
5248	8.0	There are a lot of negative reviews about this medicine and it's side effects, and that makes a lot of people beginning the medicine, including myself, freak out. The people having a positive experience with Lexapro are out living life. Don't be discouraged. For me, Lexapro started working in the second week, but would work on and off for the first month. I started at 5mg and slowly went up to 15. I'm on week 5 and it hasn't done much for my anxiety (yet) but it has helped my moods tremendously. For the first month I had muscle aches and headaches, and I was really tired and unmotivated. That went away in week 4 and I'm feeling better than I have felt in two years.
5249	9.0	Life changing medicine for panic disorder and anxiety.  Zero side effects save for slight insomnia on days 1-3 and a bit of muscle weirdness and stomach pain (similar to ibuprofen) in week 1.  Most days I am a normal person now.  Still supplement with clonazepam for trigger situations on occasion, but most of the time I can focus on life without panic distracting me.
5250	10.0	For me escitalopram works great. Its truly a miracle in a bottle. I am usually a complete basket case and very short tempered. My irritability is out of control. I just went through a super crazy situation and I feel so calm and at peace. I've only taken 2 doses and for me personally I can see a difference. Everyone has a different reaction but mine has been positive.
5251	10.0	"Lexapro is amazing. I was blind sided by a panic attack when I was 22. This panic lead to being anxious which lead to obsessive thoughts about feeling poorly, ultimately causing male depression (not sad but lack of lust for life).

It was a viscous cycle, I'd obsess over being anxious and this caused me to be more anxious. I had so a dozen symptoms ranging from dizziness to blurry vision to stomach discomfort. It just made no sense to me how all this was related.

Long story short, started Lexapro, first 2 weeks made everything worse that just as quickly as it can't the anxiety and obsessive thoughts were gone. Wow up one day and my mind went racing!

Would recommend and encourage people not to get discouraged if it doesn't work immediately."
5252	9.0	"Been taking Lexapro 10mg for 4 weeks now. It started to help a little after just 2 days. Now I have very few guilt feelings, nearly no depression, no suicidal thoughts, no obsessing over negative things. Not too much help with social anxiety, but does help anxiety around angry people.  Unfortunately, during PMS, it barely helps me, but once that is passed, I'm okay again. Makes sleep WONDERFUL and easy.
Side effects-sleepy off and on during the day, mild, treatable, headaches the first few days."
5253	5.0	For my particular situation (which was EXTREMELY stressful), this medicine was just what I needed during the time that I took it. It took the edge off. This allowed me to overlook the pretty bad side effects which were most prevalent during the first 3 months of the year that I took it in: uncontrollable appetite, weight gain of 50 lbs over the year, lethargy, and irritating anorgasmia. However when my surroundings became less stressful, I began to realize that the Lexapro was causing me to feel one constant emotion: numb. In my experience this is pretty constant with SSRIs, but it was very prevalent on Lexapro. However I've noticed that my body has particularly unusual responses to medications. This is only my experience.
5254	7.0	I only rated this a 7 out of 10 because the medicine definitely helped my anxiety and mood disorders tremendously, but I gained 20 lbs in 6 months! I haven't really changed my lifestyle or eating habits, so this makes it depressing. It is like a double-edged sword. I went to the doctor today and she suggested switching to over to Prozac, however, I have read that many people also gain weight from that so I am hesitant to take it. I stopped taking the Lexapro 4 days ago and am going to wait to see if I can handle no medicines at all!
5255	1.0	It made my anxiety and depression worse while I was on it.  During the six months it took me to wean myself off of this medication, my anxiety and depression were significantly worse than before I began taking it.  I later read on PLOS Medicine that my experience is fairly typical.
5256	10.0	I've been on the medication for about 6 months now. I used to be one of those people that frowned upon others taking these sort of medications. Until one day, out of no where, I was struck with major anxiety, which then caused me to become depressed. I'd avoid social gatherings. I'd have complete nervous breakdowns about meeting up with friends. Every morning was a battle to go into work and face my colleagues. I started drinking heavily. If I had to go out, I'd take a shot to calm my nerves. I went to the Dr. and she prescribed me. Ever since taking the medication, I'm pretty much back to who I used to be. I feel free again. I'd recommend this to anyone who suffers from anxiety or depression.
5257	10.0	I finally feel more mentally stable! I've been on this for a week and a half and I already noticed a HUGE difference like ...I'm in serious shock. This is like a miracle. I've been diagnosed with depression, and every type of anxiety. I am now more talkative, I have way more patience &amp; I just feel so happy. Like I feel normal. And I had little to no side effects. I did 5mg for a week then upped to 10mg three days ago and since I started all I felt was more tired but that went away in the first 3 days. The first day though I took a nap after I took it and I lost my appetite for the night and I felt a bit shaky for 2 secs but after that everything was normal.
5258	9.0	I have had anxiety all my life and I am now 63 years old. About 3 years ago my life spun out of control with generalized anxiety disorder and panic disorder and I was not functional as a human being. I tried Buspar to start and it did nothing to help me then I tried Zoloft and I could not handle the side effects. Finally I got on brand name Lexapro which started helping me. Once I leveled off at 40 mg per day I resumed being my normal self. About a month ago I switched to generic escitalopram and now I am noticing I am not as happy and I am having anxiety symptoms again. I am going back to brand name immediately. I don't care what anyone says brand is better than generic and there is a difference.
5259	10.0	I've been taking escitalopram for more than a month at 10mg daily for my anxiety disorder. Last 2 years ago I took this for more 2 months at the same dose. Last Feb I had observed that my anxiety was back again so I started to take last month. Thanks to God I feel better again now after 1 week, although there is little anxiety but not so compared before. 
5260	9.0	Hi, I have been on this pill for 5 years, and they have worked great, until 6 months ago when they just stopped working! I was on 20mg this is a common problem with escitalopram, and my blood pressure went far to high, also the weight gain is terrible, my doctor put me on 20mg of Prozac and I now feel so much better and the weight is coming off. I just stopped taking escitalopram and went straight on to Prozac with no side effects.
5261	10.0	Amazing! After only 2 weeks on Lexapro my life has changed dramatically I had deep depression &amp; severe anxiety! I only felt sick for 2 days &amp; everything changed I feel great no more racing thoughts &amp; finally have energy back. I've been into a shopping plaza, can drive anywhere &amp; most importantly can go anywhere without a fear something bad will happen. The only down fall it has for me is I now have NO sex drive, but if that's the worst I have to deal with I definitely think I'm winning.
5262	8.0	"All my life I've suffered from depression. Within the last year, severe anxiety came out of nowhere and I'd have about 2 or three bad attacks per month, on top of the multiple small attacks I'd get daily. ESPECIALLY in social settings. But even alone. I completely withdrew myself from my classes and my social life because of this. 

 I started going to church. Meditating, running, praying, dieting, yoga, and trying to practice mindfulness.The failed attempts worsened my depression.

 I wanted the anxiety to stop so bad that I frequently considered suicide.  Its been less than a day taking Lexapro but I'm so hopeful. Everything that felt like such a huge deal just hours ago are so minimal now. "
5263	9.0	When I started to experience extreme anxiety, panic disorder, and depression last spring at 20 years old, I didn't know what I was feeling. I help hopeless and often questioned the purpose of life. I couldn't explain why I felt this way, but I know it wasn't me. It came out of NO WHERE. I vowed to myself that if I could get through this, I would help others in their journey to get through it as well. It will be a year since I started escitalopram and I can truly say it saved my life and has made me a much happier and appreciative person. You never know know much you take everyday happiness and serenity for granted until you mind is never at rest. If you are struggling, please give this medication a chance and don't be afraid to get help.
5264	8.0	Suffering from daily and day-long anxiety and occasional panic attacks, Lexapro 10mg definitely made a difference within less than a month.  I wasn't as anxious or worrisome all the time and my patience was much better. Because it's also for depression, I also found a change in my mood for the best.  Unfortunately, after a few months on it, I plateaued, so I guess.  I've tried weaning myself off very slowly in a span of 3 months at least 3 times.  Each time, I get the brain zaps, which can be a bit cool but gets annoying.  After a few days of that comes the manic psychosis.  I get so ramped up and irritable and argumentative...it goes away within 24 hrs of taking a dose.  SO here I am, still taking it.
5265	8.0	I had taken Buspar after my initial diagnosis and it had actually made it far worse. After switching to Lexapro, I can make it whole chunks of time (mostly three to four weeks) without having panic attacks. All the women and most men in my family suffer from generalized anxiety disorder and we're all on Lexapro with various dosages. My sister is in treatment for Hepatitis and those medications cause her anxiety and depression to worsen but Lexapro has helped. I also get strange problems with my vision and my ability to think clearly and problem solve when I'm in withdrawal from it (Our pharmacy sometimes screws up and I have a three day period of in refills).
5266	10.0	I take Lexapro 10mg in the morning and trazodone 25-50 mg as needed for sleep. This combination works really well and has helped turn my life around with my depression and anxiety.
5267	10.0	250lbs, 6'2, male.. Am taking 5mg Lexapro for about a week, and either it is this or the Lamictal (100mg), but I've experienced reduced anxiety, I was wondering if it just reduces the Anxiety or also reduces the symptoms because I still get pounding  and increased heart beat, my blood pressure is usually 20 points high, I take Lisinopril and used to get 120/80 , now I get 140/80 with the lisinopril, Lexapro and Lamictal. Other things I've heard is if you go off Lamictal cold turkey, you'll get seizures. I'm staying on 5mg, I figure if the dose is upped, it overloads the system and is maybe what leads to tolerance, so I'm staying with a small dose until I feel ready to up it.
5268	10.0	I've been on Lexapro for two months now. The first 4 weeks I had very minor side effects. Dry mouth, dilated pupils, etc. VERY minor and only lasted 2 days each. Two months later I can tell you this medication is amazing. I suffered from very periodic anxiety which turned into panic attacks on some occasions. It was always in the back of my mind as to if or when it was going to happen. That's no way to live. I feel focused with clear thought now. I still laugh and feel every emotion...I just don't worry about things like I used to before Lexapro. I'm happier and have a more positive outlook on difficult situations in my life now. I find myself being much more social now too. Miracle medication for sure!
5269	6.0	I've been taking Lexapro for a week now to help me keep mellow like jello. I'm not taking anything else. I work 3rd shift. So my nights are days. And days are nights. This makes makes me extremely sleepy by the end of the week. I have only been on it for a week. This last Friday after I got off work. I fell asleep in recliner from 8:00am to 1:00pm got up ate a bite. Went to bed. I woke up to go to the bathroom a few times. But didn't get out of bed till 11:00pm Saturday. I have not left my bedroom, or ate anything. I don't feel like doing anything or going anywhere. I will be calling my doctor Monday and talking to him about how it makes me feel. 
5270	10.0	I'm 48. First time I had an anxiety in the grocery store, and a few other times, it scared me, did not want to feel that feeling again. I checked with my Doctor and he prescribe me this medication. I was very nervous to take such a thing, because I've never been on this or any other medicines. So he started me on a small dose. I've been on for 4 weeks now. The first 2 days I had some side affects with a headache and not sleeping. On the 3rd day the side affects went away. The 5th day I started to feel good to go outside, walk the dog, just to get out of the house and get back to normal things that I used to do. I'm very happy that I started this medicine. I'm hoping that I won't have to take it for long. The medicine is awesome! Wish you well!
5271	9.0	"I started taking Cipralex 3 weeks ago for depression, severe anxiety/social anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder-like behavior and an eating disorder.

I know it's only been 3 weeks but I cannot even BEGIN to describe how thankful I am that I finally got the help I needed. I feel FANTASTIC. The obsessive, anxious thoughts have gone away, and the giant hamster wheel spinning in my head at 1 million miles per hour has finally stopped. I can think, I can breathe, I can function.

Thank you Cipralex."
5272	9.0	"I've been taking Lexapro for about 2 months now.  I have suffered from social anxiety all of my life and finally went to the doctor to get help.  It was the best thing I ever did.  I now can function and feel normal.  I didn't have any bad side effects from the medicine and have been very pleased with the results.  My day to day life is not filled with me avoiding many situations and I now feel ""normal"".  I never expected this medication to work.  My only regret is I didn't get help sooner."
5273	9.0	I feel compelled to share my experience because I know there are others out there like me.  I have suffered with panic disorder with agoraphobia for the past 10 years.  It has slowly taken my life from me.  On top of it all I have a huge pill phobia. I tried Prozac, made it 2 days and tried Zoloft, made it one day. Therapy alone didn't help.  I decided I had to do something.  I tried Lexapro.  Yes, there are side effects in the beginning.  Yes, the anxiety gets worse (take Xanax).  Yes you feel nauseous (try Cola and crackers). Yes there's trouble sleeping (watched movies).  Yes, theres a headache (took Tylenol). After six days the side effects began to lift.  I know its a long road to go but I'm feeling better.  If I can do it anyone can.
5274	10.0	I used to be on 200mg of sertraline but after 12 years on this medicine I started having severe problems with anxiety after a good friend's death, this eventually led to a near breakdown 3 years later when my anxiety became so bad I could barely function.  My Dr suggested I switch to escitalopram.  I was terrified of making this switch &amp; put it off for weeks but eventually decided to 'take the plunge'. 4 days later and my anxiety levels are already reducing HUGELY! I wish I'd taken this sooner &amp; can't believe how easy the switch was. I literally stopped taking my 200mg of sertraline one day and started taking 20mg of escitalopram the next. This stuff's a life saver!
5275	5.0	Upon first starting escitalopram I experienced some mild side effects of insomnia, jaw grinding, and a small increase in anxiety. After a week the symptoms pretty much subsided. I took it for 6 more weeks at 20mg and felt no difference in my mood or anxiety. Only the insomnia remained. So I stopped the medicine. Nothing positive, nothing hugely negative. 
5276	10.0	I was sceptical about taking meds such as this.  However, I had been dealing with so much stress that it had taken a toll on me and life seemed to be falling apart, even though I was always everyone turned to.  My doctor prescribed 10mg once daily and it has been a miracle.  I did cut back to only 5mg a day and take it at night, as it does make me sleepy.  I am so much happier, more energy and a different outlook.  I am 39yrs old and feel like it again.  Only been on the med 3wks and I have nothing negative to say.
5277	10.0	I love Lexapro! It helps me stop drinking, lose weight and I have way less anxiety now. For all those people that have sexual dysfunction, try taking it at night right before bed, after sex. I have no problems in that area now!
5278	9.0	Good but gave me runs and gas.
5279	9.0	I suffer from hypochondria and panic disorder. I was so afraid to take medication. After 2 years I finally took Cipralex. It has made my anxiety a lot more tolerable. I've had a few major panic attacks but overall good experience. I've been on 20mg for 2 years.
5280	5.0	I am on my third day, the panic attacks have already got less. I feel dizzy all the time hoping this will get better. I am a 53 year old male.
5281	10.0	"I am a 26 year old who has had anxiety since I was a child. I've gone through rough spots on and off throughout my life where I would feel extremely anxious and nauseous all of the time. I finally decided to do something about it when I started experiencing panic attacks on top of it all. Lexapro along with seeing a psychologist saved my life. I went into this knowing there is no ""magic"" pill out there - I still have good and bad days like everyone, but NOTHING like how bad I felt before. When I initially began taking the medicine, it made my anxiety worse - I told my doctor and he adjusted the dosage to a smaller amount. I felt tremendously better in just about a week, and have continued to feel better and better."
5282	8.0	I am 23 years old and have been on Lexapro for 7 months for anxiety. I decided to come write a review because I remember when I was first prescribed Lexapro I was in a bit of a panic. I didn't know rather or not to take it and looked for as much information as I could. Most of the review I read were negative but I was in such a bad place that I chose to still give it a try. So, I want there to actually be a good review out there for people to see and read. I can say that Lexapro changed my life. My extreme anxiety is gone. I sleep normally and I feel like a new person. The only complaints I have, is that I am always tired and it KILLED my sex drive. Love it.
5283	10.0	"I am a 30 year old female who has suffered from depression and anxiety my entire life and it got worse after I had my daughter.  Two years after she was born, I couldnt take it anymore and I had to get help.  I talked to my doctor and was put on Lexapro, 10 mg.  I hated it at first.  I was dizzy and ""swimmy"" feeling, couldnt sleep, couldnt eat, felt out of it, couldn't care less about things that were going on.  This only lasted about a week!  Then, I could gradually feel myself getting used to it.  My next appt, my dosage was upped to 20 mg (he started me on 10 because he wanted to ease me into it knowing I was a mom and worked full time; i still needed to function).  Let me just say that Lexapro SAVED MY LIFE!!  I love it and swear by it!"
5284	9.0	Life saver for my anxiety
5285	10.0	"Escitalopram stick with it. I went on 10mg for my anxiety. I'm 47 years old and I have never taking anything before but it was time to live my life without anxiety. I felt tired, really weird for about 3-4 weeks. I didn't know if I could live feeling like this on escitalopram. Needless to say after a couple months all the kinks worked themselves out. I wake up feeling like I have never felt before. Relaxed, happy and ready for anything. I cannot believe I lived so long itch the anxiety because now I feel great. 
 My advise is to keep with escitalopram because it takes awhile but when your body chemistry accepts it. Your life will change."
5286	10.0	Great reduction in symptoms. I have virtually no anxiety symptoms at all now. Am in the process of weaning off now. Have taken 10mg for 6 years. Went to 7.5mg for about 2 months and now down to 5mg. No negative side effects with weaning off this slowly.
5287	10.0	"Worked wonders for stabilising my mood - and my ability to leave the house! Been taking it for about two years now. only thing I find is it starts to 'wear off' after a few months. My doctor has me come off them for a month and then go back on when this happens and I find this much more effective than upping the dose. 
Main side effect for me has been insomnia. A small price to pay for the huge positive impact Lexapro has made on my life."
5288	3.0	I got sick from it, diarrhea. I started having ear trouble and started hallucinating.
5289	10.0	I have been on 10 mg of Lexapro for about 6 years.  I am so thankful for this medication.  I am a crying weepy mess without it!
5290	9.0	I've been taking Lexapro for 2 months now for depression and panic attacks, which seem to come from nowhere (and I've never truly understood how scary a panic attack could be until that moment). It has helped me tremendously! Suddenly this last week the side effects which had seemed to taper, have returned. I have the addition of a headache (which I did not have in the beginning) and irritability. I'm also noticeably more tired than I was before. I am now taking the Lexapro in the evening instead of in the morning to help with sleep - but am curious if it is normal to have the side effects go in waves? It seemed as if they were mostly gone except for the lethargy, now they are increasing.
5291	10.0	"If you're suffering, you need to fix you! This medication is the most important thing to ever happen in my life. I went from a nervous, neurotic, obsessional wreck, to calm, cool and in-control dude - and I only take 5-10 mg (I'm 6' 4""). Over the last seven years, I've taken it on average 1-2 months out of the year - only when needed and never more than 6-8 weeks. I prefer not to be on anything, but when my health and business decline because of my mood, I immediately break the safety glass and reach for the Lexapro. And if for some reason Lexapro doesn't work for you, work with your doctor to find the right medicine so you can feel better. (I've tried 6 different medicines, we all have different chemistries - never give up."
5292	9.0	I have been taking this medication for a little over a year now and it seems to be working like a charm! I am currently 19 years old and the reason I started this medication was because I was experiencing a lot of anxiety and depression coming out of high school. I have had some recent life changing experiences that have ultimately given me a sense of hopelessness but the medication seemed to calm me down and removed the hopeless feelings. My doctor started me on the 10 mg and I have not yet needed to lower or increase my dosage. The only real side effects that I have experienced were occasional headaches and fatigue. When taking this medication it is very important to not miss a dose as well. I would ultimately recommend this medication.
5293	10.0	"I was prescribed Lexapro about a month ago. Initially I was sleepy all the time but I took it at night and now the only side effect is difficulty reaching an orgasm. I love this medicine! I was having several panic attacks a day and since being on 20mg/night I'm back to myself! I'm going to continue. It's like my own ""Happy Pill""."
5294	10.0	I suffered from severe stress for months before I started having chest pains. This sent me to urgent care and then the ER the following day. Tests were fine. The chest pain persisted for weeks and then I developed pain under both ribs. I continued to have these symptoms for months before I developed an interior tremor and twitching in my left foot. Becoming obsessed with my health only caused the symptoms to worsen and visits to my gyno, neuro, and GI all proved nothing. After 6 months of unrelenting and worsening symptoms, the panic attacks began. At this point I was on the brink of a meltdown and spent much of my downtime in bed. At this point I visited the psych. Started Lexapro. Symptoms worsened initially. Three weeks later...CURED!
5295	10.0	I have had some difficulty with anxiety and depression. I started taking Zoloft in January after a family crisis triggered my anxiety. I was on Zoloft for 8 months, but it stopped working and was making my jaw tense and causing me to grind my teeth.  My doctor switched me to Lexapro, and I started at 5mg.  I stayed on the 5 mg until my follow-up appointment. The 5 mg starter dosage was not very effective for me. This is my 3rd day on 10 mg of Lexapro. I feel like my old self. I don't shovel food into my face or feel bloated like I did with the Zoloft. I have my old sense of humor back. So far, I have not experienced any sexual side effects, but I noticed that Lexapro is causing a small amount of facial acne. Thumps UP!
5296	8.0	I have been taking Lexapro for approx. three months, 10 mg/day. It has helped a great deal to reduce my anxiety and depression. I still have good days and not so good, but rarely fall back to where I was (sounds like many people on this have experience the same). I agree it has some side effects, but when you consider the benefit, its well worth it.
5297	7.0	I was on Lexapro 10mg and Abilify 10 mg for about 5 months, and overall it helped with my anxiety. I didn't feel as stressed at work and school, but it kind of made me a zombie. I haven't cried in 5 months, and I hardly feel any emotions. Which I guess is good for people suffering from depression. It completely killed my sex drive so I went to my doctor the other day and switched prescriptions. Currently withdrawing from this medication and it sucks. Getting light-headed and dizzy and vomited a lot the other day.
5298	7.0	Definitely improving my life. I'm less stressed at work and life with the kids is easier.  Some social settings (crowds) still bothersome, but I'm getting there. One of the pages I read warned about caffeine intake, they weren't kidding. I cut out caffeine and it lessened my mood swings.  Please read about interactions with other medicines when you start something new, it makes a difference!
5299	10.0	Not every medicine is for everyone, but as one who has tried most of the major pharmaceuticals for major depression, panic attacks, severe anxiety and anxiety related bouts of obsessive compulsive disorder, I can tell you Lexapro is the only medicine that I've been able to stay on and be effective for my mental well-being...it is the only one I've had no side effects with. Other SSRI's have either: made me more anxious and/or depressed, dry mouth, BAD weight gain, or extreme fatigue making me into a walking zombie during the day. I've been on Lexapro 6 years now taking from 20 to 30 milligrams each day. During the months with the most sunshine, 20mg is effective. During months of winter, I have to bump it up by 10 mg's. I supplement with 4000 to 6000 IU's of D3 daily
5300	7.0	It helps with anxiety but actually causes depression for me. Plus, I've gained weight, even when on a starvation type diet. I'm slowing weening myself off, down to 2.5 mg a day, next  week I'm stopping completely.  I just want to have a clear head, instead of feeling like a zombie.
5301	10.0	I have been on Lexapro for three and a half years- it has completely changed my life, my moods, my behavior and my reactions to life for the better. I noticed an improvement within. 24 hours after starting Lexapro.
5302	8.0	"I've been on Lexapro for under three weeks now and it's been pretty great so far. I suffer from severe general and social anxiety and also depression. 
I started on 10mg for the first four days, then upped to 20mg on the fifth day. 

I noticed slight results after day four and to this day the over thinking and gut wrenching anxiety has been lessened. I have no depression anymore and it's close to impossible to care about stressful situations.

I'm well aware it can take up to two months for Lexapro to fully take effect, however I feel the positive benefits already.
Definitely something worth a try! Especially if you have anxiety and depression that is out of control. 

Besides the side effects, which are slowly fading away, Lexapro is great"
5303	10.0	I never comment on these this but I feel this website sharing positive experiences helped me a lot. I had my first panic attack two months ago after a night out. Weeks of having 3-4 panic attacks a day and massive levels of anxiety followed. I tried to carry on with life as normal going to work, etc. and started CBT, which helped me establish it had started due to increased stress from work. I struggled to get on trains, tubes, eating in restaurant's, shopping...pretty much every day to day task. When I was put onto Cipralex and for the first four weeks I had high levels on anxiety, headaches, disassociation, tight chest, chest pains. Now on week 5 on Lexapro I am feeling much better and can do everything I did before with only low levels of anxiety.
5304	9.0	(escitalopram)
5305	9.0	When I first started this on 10mg, I had bad sides. Insomnia, crawling skin, heart palpitations and shallow breathing. I think a lot of it was in my head and from reading too much about side effects. My doctor wanted me to go back on Celexa but I had already been on Lexapro 3.5 weeks so I asked my doc if I could stick with it. He bumped my dose up to 15mg and its now been 2 weeks on 15 mg and it has helped ALOT with my anxiety and panic attacks. I can now actually function at work. Give it a chance. I'm no doctor but for me it took over 4 weeks. It worked! Hang in there.
5306	10.0	About a 1 yr ago I had a very bad allergic reaction to shellfish were I thought I would die. I was with my husband &amp; my 5 yr old son in a restaurant when it happened. They rushed me to the hospital and later that day I went home just to come back 5 more times not knowing that they were panic attacks and a lot of anxiety. They gave me 1 mg of Ativan and I felt normal soon. I saw a Psychologist and a psychiatrist too and they told me I also suffer from phobia and its sad because I don't know what to do.
5307	7.0	So far have been on Lexapro for 4 weeks (not counting the first week of weaning off Remeron and onto Lexapro).  Generally, I think I feel better as a whole, but know I have to give it more time.  Unfortunately, this has NOT helped the anxiety I experience every single morning which makes me cry, and have actually had to take more Ativan than prescribed to stop the trembling inside.  Will be talking to my doctor soon because something's got to give.  I don't want to try anything else after 4 weeks and go through new side-effects, and most of the comments on here are very favorable if you stick it out.  Guess I'm going to try to stick it out for another couple weeks.  I wish people could comment on these comments instead of in the Questions and Answers forum.
5308	8.0	Lexapro helped me in many ways back in 2009. I suffered with anxiety for awhile before I sought professional help. After many exhausting trips to urgent cares and emergency rooms, it was time to address my anxiety head on. After a trip to an urgent care in San Diego, a doctor prescribed me 10 0.25mg of Xanax. He said I should try it out to help ease my anxiety. Xanax worked wonders but I knew that it wasn't safe for long term use. I eventually got a new prescription from my primary for a 30 day supply of 0.25mg of Xanax. I used it very sparingly and it took almost three months to finish the 30 day supply. My anxiety was still horrible and I was becoming too reliant on Xanax. I needed help fast! That's when Lexapro changed my life.
5309	4.0	I started taking escitalopram at 5mg for two weeks because I was nervous about the side effects, but I didn't get any. Then I went to 10mg and still no side effects. I have been on 10mg for almost three weeks now and do notice a small difference.  I don't get as upset about the little things that would bother me and am able to let things go a little easier. I am still hoping that it kicks in a bit more, so we'll see.
5310	7.0	"Lexapro has finally provided stability to my life after about 6 months. I still have a long way to go and alot to do before I feel ""Recovered"" but the medication has definitely helped with my anxiety."
5311	9.0	I've been on it for 5 years and my life is a lot different then it would have been without it!
5312	10.0	Lexapro has changed my life! I no longer have anxiety attacks, and I have control over my emotions. I wish I had started taking it years ago!
5313	10.0	About a year ago I lost 8 pounds in 1 week, two pounds more the next week. I couldn't sleep and constantly felt nauseous. My doctor ran every test under the sun and came back with only one conclusion:  panic attacks and severe anxiety. After I got past my initial thoughts of thinking he must be a total idiot, I asked for Lexapro.  I did 5 mg the first week, moving up to 10 the week after.  As my MD warned, the anxiety initially increases, so keep the Xanax handy. Two weeks into it I started having longer and longer periods of normalcy. Then, on week three it's like it suddenly stopped and sent me into a tailspin right back to where I started from. My Pscyh told me to go to 20mg because I didn't have quite enough. Worked like a charm!
5314	9.0	"I have been suffering from anxiety for about 1.5 years.

I am a big believer in natural medicine and psychotherapy. I have tried EVERYTHING .
I exercise daily, I eat healthy, I take vitamins I tried meditation, vitamins -You name it.
The anxiety started when I began dieting for a body building competition I lost about 10kilos and got down to a small amount of body fat. At this stage my periods stopped and I stopped producing estrogen and progesterone. I always told my mum and close friends it just felt like something inside me was 'missing'.
I've been on Lexapro for 2 days and everything has changed. I can't BELIEVE it and I cannot believe I've wasted 1.5 years feeling that bad. You don't realize how bad it is until you feel relief."
5315	10.0	Lexapro saved my life pure and simple. I was 42 years old and worked many years in the financial industry. One night before I went to bed right after X-mas, I had a severe panic attack and for three months I suffered unbelievably. I tried dieting, meditation, vitamins, exercise, you name it. Nothing worked. I first tried Zoloft but the side effects were awful. Next I tried Lexapro. Side effects were bad for 2 weeks and then after a month, anxiety reduced by 80%. Still have some but 100% better than before. Another key is to meditate, eat right, exercise and connect spiritually. Lexapro for the brain and meditation for the soul!
5316	9.0	I've suffered with extreme anxiety and moods swings daily, fatigue and depression and I can tell you two weeks on Lexapro and the difference is like night and day. The anxiety improved about 2 days in and almost all sides are gone on the 8th day. The first week is the worst with tiredness and increased anxiety and moodiness and nausea but the benefits are worth it completely, I can now tolerate stress so much better. Tips: Always take it after breakfast and it prevents nausea. No problem with sleep so far for me.
5317	10.0	This medicine is great for anxiety, but within first month noticed weight gain and has increased significantly over past 10 years, cannot seem to lose weight only lost 5 pounds on extreme diet/exercise.
5318	10.0	It saved my life! I can't say enough good about this medication. It ceased the panic attacks in a few days. I highly recommend this medication.
5319	9.0	Lexapro is a double edged sword for me. I can finally live, now that I have it, free of anxiety. However, I can no longer live without it. I have tried numerous times to wean, all to no avail. So far after about 6 years of use, my labworks are still all fine and normal. Hopefully this will never change.
5320	9.0	My doctor prescribed 10mg Lexapro for severe anxiety about 5months ago.  The first 4 weeks were really rough as the side effects almost caused me to discontinue the medicine. By the 4th week, I had insomnia.  I couldn't sleep for several days.  I felt like I was on speed.  So, I cut the pill in half and the next day I felt a difference.  I've been on 5mg for the last 4 months. And, I must say that it has changed my life for the better.  I no longer have those negative thoughts or bouts of anxiety. Its amazing.  The only side effects that continue are: clenching of the jaw and weight gain due to an increase in appetite. If you take Lexapro, give it 4 to 5 weeks to work before giving up. Best of luck.
5321	10.0	"I suffered from anxiety disorder for 5 years without knowing what it was and after seeing numerous doctors and undergoing numerous medical tests and scans, it all came to naught. The symptoms were very vague and debilitating such as overall weakness, trembling, dizziness and even the simplest chore of lifting a pen results in strange feelings in the body. 
Finally a doc gave me Lexapro 10mg and my life was saved!
Since then I have taken Lexapro (6mths) and stopped and it has relapsed twice and the longest time I survived without Lexapro was 1.5 yrs. Now I believe I have anxiety disorder and need help and Lexapro really helps."
5322	8.0	Being in the army the stress level is always there day and night. Then one day bam hit me like a bullet, got real dizzy, light-headed, heart racing. In reality it was an anxiety attack. Out of all the stuff I've been through this is the one that scared me. After, I ran to the docs at the hospital they gave me Lexapro. Been on it for two months now and I feel fantastic. Still a little tight in the chest and small heart beat skips but still on track and loving it.
5323	9.0	I took Lexapro for 14 months, on 10mg for 12 and then 5mg for two. The month after I came off it was hell; anxiety returned. I was prescribed it after a severe panic attack where I became severely overwhelmed by life effects and I wasn't responding to talk therapy so it was felt by my doctors that the depression was more clinical and needed a chemical to lift me out of it. Lexapro brought to the fore my issues with alcohol as it mixes really badly with alcohol so it made me finally curb my drinking. Lexapro made me forgetful and unable to remember the word I was looking for mid-sentence or sometimes I'd say weird things which had never happened before. Overall it helped me make the positive changes I needed to get better so it did work.
5324	3.0	"First, the positive. I've suffered from anxiety my entire life. This medication helped tremendously in that it was under control while I was on it. If you suffer from anxiety, you know how wonderful this can be.

The negative. I gained 20 pounds quickly that I couldn't get rid of. I decided to get off of the medication because I was trying to get pregnant. The withdrawals were really bad. I had brain zaps non-stop, couldn't stand up straight because of dizziness and extreme confusion. Now, keep in mind I tapered myself slowly off this medication, per doctor's orders. It took 5 months before I wasn't experiencing these withdrawal symptoms. Horrific."
5325	9.0	It worked but was just far too expensive.
5326	10.0	After dealing with generalized anxiety for most of my life, I suddenly began to have severe panic attacks. After 2 years of suffering in silence, I addressed this problem &amp; my general doctor gave me Lexapro and I began with 5mg daily. The side effects included drowsiness and frequent yawning. BUT, finally after 2 - 3 weeks I felt like a %u201Cnormal human%u201D again and still suffer from absolutely NO side effects. After 2  months of taking this medication (I have stayed on 5mg/daily), I am back to my productive and excited self. I have been able to do almost everything again and have not suffered from any panic attacks since I began the medication! STAY STRONG and HOPEFUL!
5327	8.0	I am a mom to two sweet, high energy toddlers that challenge me every minute of the day. I did start feeling on the edge and extremely stressed with my older son. Now I have been on Lexapro for almost two months and so far I like it- feel more patient and calmer, but not a Zombie. I was very scared to gain more weight on top of my remaining pregnancy weight, but actually I started losing weight since my appetite decreased. I hope it continues. I am on 10mg. The side effect- super low libido and possibly feeling a bit more tired. If that's all I am going to experience, I will stick to it for for another 5-6 months. Overall it is way better than Celexa or Zoloft for me. Good luck!
5328	10.0	"Phenomenal. No impact on sex drive in fact it has improved!
Before Lexapro I tried Zoloft and Lovan with no success at all.
"
5329	10.0	I had mild anxiety and was having a difficult time controlling it. I felt overwhelmed and out of control, although I looked fine on the outside. I was prescribed Xanax for panic attacks, but was having to lean on it too much to curb my anxiety so my doctor put me on Lexapro. It's fabulous--my Xanax is practically untouched since the Lexapro kicked in. It took about three months, but then I looked back and realized I hadn't been anxious in months. I feel like the 'old me'. Side effects - had jaw clenching the first few weeks, which was really weird. But it went away. Now the only thing is if I forget to take it, I'm a mess! I feel very confused and the world doesn't feel real to me. Take it at the same time each day and always have some on you.
5330	10.0	Hey Everyone! I am going to try and make my story short. I am 26 years old and did not know what anxiety or an anxiety attack was until I turned 25.  I was driving to lunch one day and for no reason at all it hit me. I felt as if I wasn't in control of my own body. I felt like I was going to pass out at the wheel, my heart began to race and my arms and legs went numb. I drove myself straight to the ER. The doc told me it was an anxiety attack. After that first attack I could not leave my house for two weeks in fear that I would pass out or lose control. I was then put on Lexapro, the first two weeks I felt the side affects..AFTER THAT A true BLESSING!! NO ANXIETY OR ATTACKS IN 2 WEEKS! I FEEL LIKE ME AGAIN!
5331	7.0	My experience with Lexapro has been a positive one.  I've been on it after my social anxiety became intolerable and I'd hit the lowest low of my life -- had a few anxiety attacks and was doing horrible at work.  I wasn't able to keep anything straight, was disorganized, forgetful, anxious, irresponsible, irritable. I felt high anxiety in making simple decisions, writing, communicating, asserting myself, the list goes on. I started Lexapro and it took a solid 2 months for it to really start working effectively.  At that point, I became much more calm (much less anxiety), organized, together-with, and punctual (qualities I had never achieved before in my life!). I've started to eat healthier, work out, work harder, and have joined some social clubs. Success!
5332	1.0	I switched from Lexapro to the generic escitalopram one month ago (since the generic is cheaper) and it was a disaster. I felt like I was no longer on medication: severe anxiety attacks, anger, depression, difficulty getting out of bed in the morning. I tried to wait it out for 1 month and then gave up and went back to Lexapro because my personal and professional relationships were being affected while I was on the generic escitalopram.
5333	5.0	So far I'm loving this medicine my only problem is with sleep but most people have that problem while taking this medication. It took me months to finally convince myself to get on meds. Wish I took this sooner. I feel normal again, my life can go on now.
5334	10.0	Male, Age 45. First tried Prozac (fluoxetine) then Paxil (paroxetine) for a month, didn't help &amp; felt a little weight gain. Tried Lexapro (escitalopram) 10mg for 6 weeks &amp; felt a little better. Increased to 20mg really helped improve my anxiety/depression &amp; no weight gain, also take daily Deplin (L-methylfolate) 15 mg, SAMe 400mg (3x daily) &amp; Vitamin D3 (4000 IU).
5335	2.0	I was less upset on this medicine but much much more anxious. Tried 5mg-20mgs and different doses didn't change the anxiety levels.
5336	10.0	Lexapro has changed my life. I am now able to participate in so many activities that my anxiety wouldn't allow me to do prior. There is side effects. I don't sleep great and have crazy dreams. Dry mouth, skin and eyes is noticeably worse. Sexual feelings came back after a few months. Plus have more gas and stomach upset. But even with the side effects, my life has greatly improved.
5337	10.0	"I was prescribed 10mg for 2 weeks, then up to 20mg. Originally prescribed for anxiety, I also suffered from severe depression.

Within 3 weeks, I could see an improvement. My crying stopped, things were looking better! 

Been on for 2/3 months now, and I feel amazing! Back to my old self. I love this medication!"
5338	10.0	Not a zombie, but no sexual climaxes anymore.
5339	8.0	I started 5 mg two days ago and I feel better already. No more sweaty palms or burning forehead due to high anxiety! I take it in the morning so I am able to sleep at night. I tried Zoloft and Celexa and could not take either one for more than two days! Horrific side effects for me! I pray each day gets better and better! This is my first time taking an antidepressant. I highly recommend for people with anxiety! Good luck
5340	2.0	Gained about forty pounds, became more depressed, slept all night and half the day, was always tired, getting off of it was horrible. I had headaches weird feelings like I wasn't even there, weird pains.
5341	10.0	"Having started a business in a high stress field, I experienced episodes of stress and anxiety that interfered with my sleep, ability to concentrate and that began to manifest physically with chest pains, headaches, etc.

The first 10 days were a nightmare.  I had a terrible spike in my anxiety and stress levels.  I considered bailing on the medication and even my business, but my wife pressed me to continue.  After 10 days I started to see an improvement.  The anxiety improved and so did my mood.  By day 14 or so I was transformed.  I completely stopped having anxious thoughts.  My entire demeanor changed.  I am now like Teflon- stress does not stick around for more than a few minutes.  This medicine was a lifesaver and my business is great."
5342	8.0	"To make a long story very short, I've been struggling with perfectionism, chronic stress, anxiety, compulsive thinking, depression (Especially with nightfall)  and a fear of sleeping.  There has been a wide variety of physical manifestations such as Irritable bowel, fatigue etc..... So over all it's been a real nightmare.  

The 10mg dose of Lexapro was to high for me and I had a bad reaction my first time.  I'm now on 5mg and so far it's relieved just about all my problems but my memory is clouded, takes more time to orgasm and I space out a lot.  To have the most success with feeling better you need to also make an effort to change your life.  Just keep that in mind."
5343	10.0	"I got my life back. This medicine has helped me so much. I feel like myself again. I no longer suffer from debilitating anxiety. I have more confidence and less fear. 

I have absolutely NO side effects (not even sexual, which seems to be common)."
5344	9.0	I was diagnosed with major depression and anxiety. I had crippling depression, could not sleep, eat, get out of bed or interact with anyone.  I cried uncontrollably and did not know why and if that was not enough I was having frequent panic attacks (more than one per day). My PDoc tried several meds and Lexapro 20mg is the best.  I also take Clonazapam 0.5 mg, and Wellbutrin 10mg for sexual side effects.  For the first time in my life I feel normal, having never felt this way before.  I do not like the sexual side effects so that is why my doc prescribed Welbutrin. It doesn't seem to make any difference.  I am drowsy and forgetful and lack motivation. I will ask my doc if a withdrawal from Wellbutrin or Clonazepam will will help.
5345	10.0	Completely removed my anxiety! I had panic attacks every single night prior to taking Lexapro and after the first few weeks of the Lexapro getting into my system, the anxiety has stopped altogether. I've never felt better in my life.
5346	1.0	The brain chemistry is altered and the brain takes a long time to right its self again back to as it was, in my case two years. So my advise, if you think you wish to withdraw, do it very very slowly i.e. over 4-8 months, expect withdrawal symptoms to last for months %u2013 maybe 3-4 before you feel okay, not 2-4 weeks, and most of all learn to accept yourself as you are. 
5347	10.0	I was very much against taking medications but I am so glad I stepped out of my comfort zone.  Lexapro saved my life and my sanity.  I was suffering from very bad anxiety which just got worse and worse.  I didn't know what it was at first so I spent a lot of time and money going to all different doctors trying to find out.  Finally after researching anxiety and enough people telling me that is what it was I gave in and took this pill.  The first week is horrible and the side effects are bad but luckily my doctor warned me and said just make it through the first week and you will be okay.  By the second week the side effects faded and I was back to my old self (before anxiety) but even better.  Don't hesitate to take this, I wish I took it sooner!
5348	9.0	I have severe anxiety and panic attacks. I have been on Lexapro about 4 different times. I never learn my lesson.  After 6 months or so I think I am doing good enough to wean myself off and within 6 months I am back in the ER with a severe panic attack. I should just stay on it. This time around I started on 5mg and then bumped it to 10mg after 3 days. I am on day 2 of 10mg. I finally feel some relief. I have not left my house in a week- trapped due to panic attacks and today I was able to walks dogs and go to the store. Thank God there is something like Lexapro out there or else I would surely be in a mental institution.
5349	9.0	After a stressful event in my mid 20's I experienced full-blown anxiety.  I had hypochondriasis to be exact. I thought I had every serious illness you can imagine.  I finally hit rock bottom when I was missing a ton of work due to panic attacks and endless doctor visits.  My doctor prescribed 10 mg of Lexapro.  I decided to cut the pill in half and only take 5 mg a day.  Such a small dose and it made a huge difference! It was a miracle that saved me from a very sad life of constant fear. Since taking the 1st pill, I never experienced another panic attack.  I am happy to report that I came off the medication a year ago and I am still anxiety free. I highly recommend it.  I had severe severe anxiety and all it took was 5 mg a day to fix it.
5350	9.0	Lexapro saved my life. Be patient took about 7 weeks before I started feeling better. Started on 5mg, went up to 20mg now taking 15mg for the last 12 months. It cleared my thoughts and calmed me down...a life saver.
5351	10.0	Been taking 20mg per day of Lexapro for 15 months now. Was diagnosed with anxiety and slight depression. Would have panic attacks and hyperventilate. Took about 4 weeks to see full effect. Was given Klonopin as needed until Lexapro kicked in. It has made me feel so much better. I have not had a panic attack in a year. I can actually get out of bed in the morning now. At first it would make me very tired when I took it but that stopped after a few months. It made a huge difference in my life. Did not really have any side effects. A little weight gain but I would rather have that then have panic attacks.
5352	3.0	I'm on day 2 of taking Lexapro and it's causing unpleasant side effects. I don't have an appetite, a slight headache, nervousness, and stinging chest pain along with stomachache. My doctor told me to stick with it because the benefits outweigh any issues right now. He also said that they will go away in 2 weeks or so.  I'll continue to take and update my progress.
5353	8.0	"I was experiencing some awful symptoms such as chest pains, shortness of breath, and heart palpitations.  Even though countless tests showed I was in great physical condition, I found it very hard to believe that such things could simply be caused by anxiety.  I guess I'm a believer now!  I am on 10 mg Lexapro and the difference 2 months on this medicine has made is fantastic.  When I once feared I would be crippled by these anxiety symptoms, now I can barely even remember them.  I'm feeling like ""me"" again.  Side effects included digestive problems (went away after a week or so) and insomnia (countered by taking Lexapro in the morning).  SO RELIEVED!"
5354	10.0	I'm male, 59, suffer from anxiety and panic attacks. It took a month for this medicine to kick in.  STICK WITH IT. I sweated like anything at night for the first 3 weeks but that stopped. I wake up briefly at 3:00 or 4:00 am (A side effect) BUT it is totally worth it. Previously I had knots, big suckers, in my stomach for nearly a year. I used to worry and then look for things to worry about and then initiate my flow chart of worry. No more. A positive side effect is Lexapro. Can also impact/stop obsessive compulsive disorder behaviors too (like counting this and counting that) I also was under-weight forever and have gained weight. A negative is a diminished ability to ejaculate - but again -so what.
5355	10.0	Miracle worker.  Took about six weeks to start fully working and the side effects were not so pleasant at first.  Now taking 20mg daily, I have no side effects and feel great.  During the first few weeks taking it, I would have extremely good moods that almost seemed imaginable and then I would go back to feeling sad.  Then eventually that went away.  One negative about Lexapro is that my stomach isn't as strong as it was before and a lot of foods bother it.  All I can do is eat healthy and take pro-biotics.  VERY HAPPY with Lexapro.
5356	5.0	"I was suffering with severe anxiety/depression and I couldn't sleep, eat or socialize in general. 
When my doctor prescribed escitolipram, It got better and my anxiety went away. 
HOWEVER, 
I was unable to sleep for longer than 4 hours in a row."
5357	9.0	"This medicine is a life saver.  I was diagnosed with anxiety/panic disorder in the spring of 2011, and I was on 30mg for a year.  The only side effect I had was lack of sex drive/ability.  Because of this, I weaned off it, and all of my anxiety and panic attacks came back.  I was miserable for about 2 months until I went back on it.  I've tried Zoloft, Remeron, and Wellbutrin, but Lexapro is the only one that worked for me.  I had zero panic attacks on Lexapro and enjoyed life.  I am currently back on 10mg and will be moving up to 20mg shortly.

Everyone's experience differs with these kinds of medicines, but my advice is: stay on it.  The first few weeks might be rough, but as long as the side effects aren't terrible, give it time."
5358	10.0	My story is really long and complicated. I was originally on Xanax and all it did was make me sleep. Switched doctors because my original doctor wouldn't switch me off the Xanax. New doctor prescribed me Lexapro. I was upset at first because I didn't feel I needed it, I thought Lexapro was an anti-depressant and I wasn't depressed.. About a month after I started taking the Lexapro I felt amazing! But then I lost my health insurance so they put me on Paxil. I miss my Lexapro! It was the best.
5359	10.0	Lexapro saved my life. I have been on this medicine for about 7 weeks now.  At first, I was hesitant because I have tried them all--Effexor (constantly exhausted and edgy), Paxil (worked great for anxiety but had horrible sexual side effects and brain zap feelings), Zoloft (didn't help), Celexa (helped a little but Lexapro is definitely better for me).  Finally I found one I can rely on! The first week my anxiety got worse, which my doctor warned me of.  Luckily I had Xanax to get me through the first couple weeks. But now, I find myself not needing the Xanax at all anymore. I haven't had a panic attack since the 2nd week I started this medicine, and I am loving life! Thank you Lexapro.
5360	10.0	I have never taken the time to actually write a comment on these types of things, but this is worthy of it. I had never dealt with anxiety until I became pregnant. I suffered with the worst anxiety and I was MISERABLE. I had panic attacks that sent me to the ER..I was too scared to drive, missed weeks of work and literally did not leave the house. I suffered through it until I had the baby. After, my doctor put me on Lexapro. After a few weeks, I felt 100% better. I can't begin to explain the change I had felt. I was able to do things without thinking the worst of everything. Before I started taking it, it depressed me because I thought I was going to feel that way forever and always have to deal with anxiety. Now, I live a normal life!
5361	10.0	"Incredible medicine. Took maybe 4-6 weeks to kick in though, but when it did, WOW. I was having a panic attack every morning and was relying on a benzodiazepine to live a normal life. 

During the best of times, it has completely muted my anxiety. Sometimes I still get slightly anxious, but it's like the volume is turned way down. Have had maybe one ""panic attack"" (if I can even call it that, it was so mild) since it kicked in. 

I'm happier, calmer, and more balanced. Only side effect was slightly disturbed sleep for 2 days when I started (and for a day or two after I increased the dose), and increased anxiety on the first day. I'm on 15mg and I couldn't be happier."
5362	9.0	Have had mild anxiety issues since early 20s. Spiralled downwards with increasing anxiety after an injury that made me unable to work. Tried mirtazapine with temporary relief, but got worse again after a few weeks and before starting Lexapro anxiety was so bad that I was unable to work and that leaving the house resulted in panic attacks. Started Lexapro on a Friday. Felt absolutely terrible until Tuesday. Nauseous (relief from Reglan though), heavy anxiety, buzzing feeling in body. Then improvement came very gradually and very slowly for the next weeks. On week 8 now and honestly feel great. The crippling anxiety that was present 24/7 is gone and only on occasions do I feel it, only much milder and never in the form of panic attacks.
5363	3.0	It has alot of side effects that bothered me. I could not concentrate, I stayed tired all the time, I forgot alot of things at work, I just felt lost all the time. My sex drive was gone. My symtoms of anxiety were gone but so was everything else. I gained alot of weight also while taking this medication.
5364	10.0	I have very few side effects. This medication is helping me for depression and anxiety. I fell a positive difference after 4 weeks.
5365	8.0	"I've been taking Lexapro (10mg) for about a week for general anxiety and mild depression. It's taken the edge off already, particularly on the anxiety side. I am more productive at work and more open socially, without even noticing until afterwards.

Side-effects have been mild: physical jitteriness, a lone bout of diarrhea and an odd sensation in my skin. I can best describe that as feeling like being in a hot, dry climate but without the sensation of heat - tight and tingling. No sexual side-effects so far.

I was on Zoloft a few years ago for more debilitating depression and the side effects with that were much worse, so I feel very positive at this point."
5366	4.0	Been on and off anti depressants for 10 years (still can't believe it). Tried Paxil and currently take 10 mg of Lexapro.  Still do not feel well.  I find running helps me more than anything but I fear the day the running is too much. I'm 40 and in otherwise good health, but I feel pretty lousy almost every single day.  I am happy to read about people doing well on medication, but all I get from it is dizziness/lightheaded.  Still optimistic about one day looking back at this nightmare in disbelief.  Until then.
5367	10.0	It has helped in more ways than you can imagine. I am not 100%, but pretty close to be my normal self.
5368	10.0	I was on Lexapro awhile ago, but stopped taking it.  Then my anxiety and panic attacks started coming back, and the doctor wanted to try me on Zoloft.  I experienced horrible side effects, and it made my anxiety worse.  I said I didn't want to take a medicine that causes me MORE anxiety!  I asked if I could PLEASE go back on Lexapro, it had a couple of side effects but nothing like Zoloft.  This is my 3rd day on it again, and already I can tell a big difference.  I would rather take medicine to make me feel normal again than try to tell myself I don't need it.  Because it's not worth spending life depressed and anxious over everything.  I would definitely recommend trying it, to improve the quality of life for an anxious personality.
5369	9.0	I have been on Lexapro 5mgs, 10mgs and 20mgs over a period of 6 years. 10mgs daily seems to be the best dosage for Generalized Anxiety Disorder. Many people don't realize that it takes 4 to 6 weeks for this medicine to work. The first 3 days I felt very good and then felt tired or depressed for a couple days. Taking Lexapro with Klonopin 0.5mgs (2x daily) helps those early stage side effects.  20mgs tends to increase aggressive behavior. After about 5 weeks I found myself to be more confident in activities and less concerned about what others would think of me. My side effects are, short term memory loss, difficulty falling asleep at night, lower sex drive, but longer Stamina when engaged in sex.
5370	2.0	This helped me talk some and I was enjoying life more, but I was so angry!
5371	8.0	Lexapro helped me a lot with my anxiety disorder / ADD symptoms ... The only thing is that Lexapro alone was not super effective for me, but when combined with Adderall and Klonopin it works amazingly -- none of the three medicines alone worked particularly well, but all three together work extremely well for anxiety, ADD and insomnia.
5372	7.0	I am a 26 year old female.  I started Lexapro 10 mg a week ago.  I have experienced nausea, dry mouth, headaches and fatigue.  Rated it a 7 because I don't think I have been taking it long enough to notice any huge differences.  I do feel maybe slightly more calm and a little less blushing.  Here's hoping things get even better!
5373	9.0	On the 25th I was on day 3 and feeling awful and yes, it was like having a bad flu, vomiting, shakes, anxiety at an all time high because I wanted to feel better and the sickness just made me feel that I never was. But now day 6 and like the first time, I'm glad I stuck with it as I feel just great today and feel 'normal' so the side effects are very hard but it is worth it in the end.
5374	8.0	I started taking lexapro for anxiety associated with over analyzing everything.. parents separating.. and getting engaged. The side effects the first couple of weeks included nausea, dizziness, headaches and wide awake feeling at night. The pros: took away the thoughts running through my mind.. blushing.. helped even out all of my emotions.  The CONS: I stopped lexapro in December  before I wanted to get pregnant and 1 week later I had a massive migraine (never had one) and lost my ability to speak.. see.. it was awful.. rushed to the ER thinking I had a stroke.. everything came back fine. Just remember if you plan on getting off before pregnancy.. give yourself a good few mths. The withdrawls are a NIGHTMARE!!! Dizziness, nausea.,headaches
5375	2.0	"I've been on this pill now (10mg) for 3 weeks. My anxiety has reached an all time high and I'm hardly able to get to work and function. Wake up every morning sick in the stomach.

Not sure if its normal and gets better or if its just not for me.............."
5376	8.0	I have only been on Lexapro 10mg for 5 days, but already my anxiety is better. I am a 16 year old, 5'8 female, 280lbs. The side effects were pretty bad the first 3 days or so, nervousness, increased sweating, nausea, headaches, etc., but I'm definitely starting to feel better. One positive side effect is that my appetite has decreased dramatically. Sometimes I have to make myself eat, and I can't eat as much as before. Of all the side effects, I hope this one stays!
5377	8.0	I have been on Lexapro for about 2  years now for anxiety disorder.  Works great, still have nervous moments but much better than I would be without it.  Only downside is MAJOR fatigue, can barely stay awake during the day.  Going to try switching it so that I take it at night instead of the morning, but if that doesn't work I'm going to need to change prescriptions.
5378	9.0	I was prescribed 10 mg a day for anxiety/panic attacks. I'd never taken any sort of SSRI before. I took one pill and it scared me, I threw up several hours later and had the worst panic attack of my life. But I don't know if that was me, or the pill. So two weeks later, I chopped it in half and have taken 5mg everyday for the past 6 months. It has completely turned down the volume of anxiety and paranoia. I may never be able to go off of it. I have not had weight gain, anorgasmia, or decreased sex drive. I love it. I can live my life, it has taken that fog surrounding everything away. If you are super sensitive to medications like me, I encourage you to start with the lowest dose possible.
5379	9.0	When I became pre-menopausal I developed increased anxiety, panic attacks, heart racing, etc. My doctor recommended Lexapro. Within 1 week of taking this medicine I noticed a difference. I became calmer, easier to live with and all my anxiety symptoms disappeared. Literally got my life back. This is a miracle.
5380	10.0	Lexapro is wonderful! I suffer from generalized anxiety disorder and was put on Lexapro about 5 months ago. I started with the 10mg does, but now taking 20mg. It took about 5 weeks for me to notice this medicine was working. I have not experienced any side effects so far and have actually lost weight since I have been on Lexapro. Instead of me being edgy, uptight, panicking, etc. I am now HAPPY and CALM! Lexapro is really a miracle.
5381	9.0	I have only been on Lexapro for 2 weeks now for my anxiety and depression. I also have a temper problem, the medicine so far helped my anxiety and got me more active but my anger has got worse. Maybe it's too soon to say if this medicine will help that. But overall I'm starting to like not having the anxious feeling anymore.
5382	10.0	If you are experiencing any symptoms of PMS, PMDD, or pre-menopausal symptoms, you may want to consider Lexapro. It has made such a significant change for the better in my life. I was beginning to think there was nothing that could help me or my husband and then a co-worker suggested Lexapro and I am so grateful she did. No mood swings, hot flashes, irritability and no more cold hands. My hands would get so cold and the rest of me would be going through a hot flash so I could never get comfortable but since I've been on Lexapro, none of the above mentioned symptoms are a problem any longer.
5383	10.0	46 YO Male 195lbs with 10 weeks Use: Suffered from anxiety and surely some depression due to prolonged anxiety. Started with 10mg at bedtime. No show-stopping side effects. My side effects were: anorgasmia, tinnitus, constipation, yawning, muscle tension in my neck, lower spine and stomach area, weak erection (initially), some lethargy and having to urinate in the night. At 10mg, anorgasmia was overcome after 14 days and at 20mg dose it took ANOTHER 35 days. I feel happier, more patient, less obsessive, and with reduced anxiety. Side effects now are: mild tinnitus, mild muscle tension in stomach and nightly bathroom run. My advice: Be VERY patient and get your brain chemicals stabilized before you worry about the sex. Your body will adapt again. I'll use it for life. Good luck!
5384	8.0	I'm a 30 yr old female. Recently I got promoted at work to a more stressful and pressured role, I also found out that my partner of 12yrs has been having an affair. I've turned to therapy and Lexapro to help me through this time. I've only been on it for a week and have already experienced an improvement. I started with 5mg, will move up to 10mg in a week. My issues were-social anxiety and mild depression, I'd say my anxiety has decreased by 60%, psych said that I takes 3-6weeks for it to really kick in, so can't wait. The worst part for me was my doctor started me off on 20mg and for 2 days I had extreme anxiety and moderate depression, but I read through some positive posts and decided to soldier on with it and am so happy that I did.
5385	1.0	It's not for me at all. Last night was the worst night of my life, it started about two weeks into taking Lexapro my friends and family said that they noticed changes but I felt more depressed than I have ever felt. The next two weeks into it I started feeling really off balance and trembly. Then last night happened, without warning, without a trigger, as I was trying to fall asleep I started getting lost in my head. I was forgetting how to think and I was forgetting words. It terrified me. 
5386	6.0	I first took Lexapro some 4-5 yrs ago for anxiety. I don't think I was depressed just had a lot of anxiety through stress and if I drank, and I'm not talking a lot, a few beers, I would wake up all edgy, not hungover, pure anxiety, but I was feeling like that quite often.  It definitely worked right away and the anxiety ceased.  I eventually stopped taking it because I felt I didn't need it anymore.  4-5 years later, I was going through some serious depression.  My wife at the time suggested perhaps I go back on; this was definitely depression, much more than anxiety.  Anyway, it was disastrous!  The minute I started taking it, the depression got worse!  The Dr. told me to try to get through it for a week or two and I just couldn't.
5387	9.0	I'm a 33 year old male and have been on Lexapro for a little over a month now. The first day I felt like I drank tons of coffee..I felt good but wired. Then I felt tired all the time for the next following weeks. But for the past week or so I have been feeling awesome, more confident, talkative, happier but still very sleepy. It's great because I actually sleep the whole night but its so hard to wake up. I get to work late sometimes. I tried switching to taking it midday but by 7pm I'm ready for bed. I'm still happy and love it but the drowsiness and yawning are irritating because I want to do more with my evening.
5388	10.0	Took about a month to work and has helped immensely.
5389	8.0	Lexapro worked great for anxiety, but I gained 45 pounds while on this medicine for 2 years.  It made me constantly hungry.
5390	10.0	This medicine was a blessing. I was put on medicine for severe anxiety as well as helplessness/depression which was situational. Only side effect was tiredness which was fine and my sex drive is more active than before.  I am now off the medication but it definitely helped during the hard time in my life.  Because of a good doctor that listened and a combination of counseling...I am better!
5391	9.0	I had a rough time last year.  I was diagnosed with a terrible illness and it took me months to recover both physically and mentally.  And, to add insult to injury, I was a new mother.  I honestly lost myself in anxiety and sadness and refused to believe I needed medication to get back to myself.  But with therapy and a six-month trial of Lexapro, I came back to being me.  I had some nausea at first, but it subsided within a week or so.  And, when it was right for me to come off the medication, I did it under a doctor's care - gradually.  Lexapro worked for me by helping me focus on both on cognitive therapy and on moving on from the trauma.
5392	10.0	"I was diagnosed with adjustment disorder (with anxiety). When big changes happen in my life, I get panic attacks and severe anxiety. I have been on Lexapro twice now, for a few months each time.

Side effects: Initially, this medicine makes my anxiety worse, irritable, very sleepy, increased sweating and hot flashes. Luckily, these side effects have disappeared after about a week of taking the medicine.

I take 10 mg of Lexapro. Side effects appeared the first day I took the medicine. The anxiety started to subside after a week. Anxiety disappeared after 2 weeks on 10 mg. No problems weaning off the medication.

I love this medicine. It gave me my life back."
5393	9.0	I tried Lexapro because I was very high strung, was easily angered over the most minor incidents and was always worried about everything. Was hoping for any sign of relief. I didn't really notice any significant improvements in the first few weeks but I'm on the fourth month of taking it now and what a difference. It's not like a light bulb went off and I completely changed. I still get angry and worry but it goes away easily. You just don't care as deeply as you used to. For me it's worth it. I wouldn't call it a miracle but it most definitely takes the edge off. I am thrilled with it.
5394	7.0	I hope this helps others because I rarely leave feedback. Please stick with Lexapro if you are having side effects. They will subside. I am only on day 9. The first week I experienced increased anxiety, dilated eyes, gastrointestinal issues, shaky and sweaty hands. It's not nearly as bad now. Before starting this medication I was experiencing anxiety that blew up quickly, it started happening at night, which effected my sleep, which grew to chronic insomnia for 4 months and that led to me becoming depressed. The longest streak I had of no sleep at all was 6 days straight. I found out that insomnia was a symptom of anxiety/depression. I still have insomnia but its slowly getting better as the medicine gets in my system.
5395	10.0	"I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder at 16. I was put on Xanax and Lexapro 20mg. After getting married and the birth of my second child we moved from NJ to FL. I was off Lexapro with both pregnancies. I moved 2 FL AT 25 WITH A 19 MONTH OLD AND 8 WEEK OLD! Post partum depression hit me hard. I went to a MD and requested Lexapro 20mg and Xanax 3mg/day. I have tried many many many other SSRIs due to cost of Lexapro. They all made me feel MORE nutty even Celexa, Lexapros ""brother"". I ALWAYS wind up back on Lexapro. This is a miracle for me! I feel calmer within 24 hours and I can't make myself anxious if I tried. I sleep sound and am happy and a better mother. I love Lexapro and despite the price and 10lb weight gain. I'm 5'9 n 140 lbs."
5396	1.0	I requested this medication from my PCP for some mild-moderate anxiety.  I heard wonderful things about it and didn't think twice when I started taking it. I took it for about a week and it was the worst experience of my life.  I had tremors, insomnia, couldn't eat, spasms, restless but didn't want to do anything.  I wasn't depressed in the least prior to starting this medication but after the second dose I felt a depressed.. it was unbearable.  I was then prescribed Prozac and had a similar reaction. I lost 15lbs in 3 weeks. 
5397	5.0	Was on Lexapro back in 2009 and it helped me a lot. I had a lot of stress and minor depression. I went off it a few months after I started because I felt so good, and that was a bad idea. I recently started taking it again and as of right now I'm going through some bad side effects. I normally don't feel bad at home but I'm stressing out. Can't eat, have a minor headache and I'm anxious as well. I hope this feeling ends soon.
5398	9.0	I started taking Lexapro about 6 years ago for anxiety and social phobia. It worked wonders with few to no apparent side effects. Its not a cure but has helped me manage my condition better than other medications I have tried in the past. It does get me a little sluggish every now and then, but the benefits outweigh the minor side effects. The main down side is the cost. Being that is not covered by insurance and no generic available I'm forced to switch to Celexa. My doctor okayed to try the switch and I've read decent reviews by people who use Celexa for anxiety.
5399	9.0	I had irritable bowel syndrome for 6 years and in the last 3 years it was preventing me from having a good quality of life. I was too anxious to do so many things because I couldn't trust my body to hold it together for any length of time. I tried hypnosis, mindfulness and naturopathic treatments but then asked my doctor about SSRI antidepressants. The first few weeks are awful but stick with it. I was in emergency because I had a panic attack and thought I was dying. I am now on 15mg Lexapro. It has been 3 months and this is truly a miracle. I feel totally normal and feel every emotion except I just think and ruminate less. I don't obsess anymore about leaving the house-I just leave. The drug has also been constipating for me, which after 6 years of irritable bowel syndrome is incredible. Highly recommend. 
5400	2.0	Was put on 10mg Lexapro for general anxiety.  I was on it for 5 days and just had to stop. Horrible anxiety, feelings of depression I have never had before, absolutely no appetite, migraine, bad dreams, falling asleep at work while getting more than enough sleep at night, forgetful in my everyday tasks, overall hazy and strange feeling.  Will go back to Ativan and will never take an SSRI for my anxiety again-not worth it.
5401	10.0	"I am a female, in high school, 5""9 210 pounds. I had been dealing with anxiety for my whole life. I went to a therapist and it helped a little but it wasn't enough to make a dramatic difference. I finally decided to go to a psychiatrist and got diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder, and I also suffer from separation anxiety, some OCD, and social anxiety.  I went on Lexapro 5mg for one week then went to 5mg in the morning and 5mg at night. I have been on that dose for over a month and am night and day from how I was. I am finally the happy go lucky relaxed person my dad says he knew existed deep down. I have no complaints other than wishing I had started it years ago. I noticed a difference after one week. I recommend it 100%."
5402	9.0	I have struggled with severe generalized anxiety disorder and social anxiety my entire life and now, at 24, I am just starting to realize how much it has affected my ability to live and enjoy life. I was started on Lexapro while overseas and suffering from depression due to the cold, rainy climate. I cannot tell you how much this medication has changed my life. I am now getting to know the confident, relaxed person that was hiding underneath my anxiety. I am only on 5 mg/ day but I have found that dose to be effective for me. Anything over 5 mg and I start to feel side effects like fatigue and marked decrease in libido. 
5403	10.0	I have suffered from anxiety my whole life but it never got to the point where I felt like it was ruining parts of my life. Then both of my parents got sick and out of nowhere I could barely eat, go out and everyday felt like a battle. I was prescribed Lexapro and at first I was so anxious to take the medicine that the first week of taking it really spiked my anxiety. After about 10-14 days I felt amazing! I could eat again without feeling like I was choking on everything and I felt like my old self again. Actually like a better version of my old self. I would strongly recommend this medicine to anyone suffering from anxiety. Just know that it takes a little while for it to work and the first week can be terrible. Just stick with it!
5404	9.0	"On my 7th day of Lexapro I developed a rash on my arms and was alarmed, especially when I read about the possibility of rash being a side effect of the medication.  With my doctor's guidance I treated the rash as a contact allergy (detergent, etc.) and kept taking the Lexapro. The rash came back one more time but never again.  Lexapro did not give me the sudden weight loss, dizziness, visual ""trails"", nausea, etc. of other SSRI's I had tried before (Prozac worked for me, anxiety-wise, but the side effects were a bit much... Paxil resulted in extreme dizziness and was stopped after only a few days).  I find Lexapro worth the extra money and recommend it even to people who may have had bad experiences with SSRI's before."
5405	1.0	Was only able to take it till the 4th day due to the severe side effects. Lost all energy, couldn't eat, head pain etc. I think my body just has a hard time tolerating antidepressants.
5406	8.0	Had to put up with 1 AM awakenings for the first few months on this medicine but it is good from anxiety/social anxiety.  No other side effects and seems helpful. 
5407	8.0	"Lexapro really helped me to feel more like myself. After a long time battling a ""mystery"" disease, I was debilitated, I couldn't function in my normal life, and was feeling just very strange. I decided that I would go to a psyche, and he prescribed me Lexapro. It really seemed to help. I eventually stopped taking it, and have been pretty much okay for the past 4 years or so, but now the symptoms are flaring up again, with some additional stuff so I am going through the medical rounds again to make sure there is nothing underlying. And if there's not then I'm going to suggest that I get back on Lexapro because it really did seem to help me! I didn't have any side effects with it that I can remember. It really worked well."
5408	1.0	Well I have to say I have be debating on trying this medicine. Then I gathered up enough nerve to try it and, 1st night I took did not sleep very well and the following day I just felt so out of it, It was caused for concern at my job. I can honestly say, in my case the side effects are far more worse than my anxiety.
5409	9.0	I am a 27yr old female, 115lbs. I have been on Lexapro for 2 months now for anxiety. I have never had any problems with anxiety until I started working full-time (a lot of hours that are non-stop) and I started planning my wedding. All of this made me very irritable, stressed to the max, edgy, worried about every little thing, and just not myself. Since I've been on Lexapro I've been back to myself and better. I'm relaxed and easy going through this stressful time! It took a few weeks for the medicine to kick in and for me to get over a few side effects (insomnia, constipation, tired in the afternoon) but it's totally worth it.
5410	9.0	I started on Lexapro 5mg November 2010 due to bad depression, anxiety just really bad, so went on it after seeing specialist. Upped my dosage to 10mg March 2011 and stabilized out, not up not down like normally off medicines. Back to 3 times a week exercise, no grog or eating benders anymore, lost 8 kgs (only another 6 to be back to my perfect weight) sleep better, helping me relax more in social situations as have bad GAD social, so keeping on it - no side effects - takes a while to level out so persist with it and give it a decent go.
5411	9.0	I've been on Lexapro twice. The 1st time started in the fall 2008. For some reason at the age of 42, I began having dizziness, anxiety, and panic attacks. I was diagnosed with GAD and prescribed 1 mg Ativan for use as needed in the short term and 10mg Lexapro for the long term. Within 3 weeks I increased to 20 mg Lexapro. Within another 3 weeks, my anxiety had all but vanished and I quit Ativan. My racing thoughts and worries subsided. I was able to sleep better at night and concentrate better at work. No weight gain either but I exercise regularly. I stayed on Lexapro for 1 yr. No problems getting off on a tapered schedule over 3 months. In spring 2011, anxiety returned due to marriage issues. Back on 10 mg Lexapro with same great results.
5412	7.0	I have been on Lexapro for about 12 days (never been on anything like this in my life). I am very sensitive to the medicine. I can take about 2.5- 5mg. I have some shakiness, and had increased anxiety in the beginning. It seems to be leveling off now. My doctor recommended that I take 5mg in the beginning and then increase to 10 mg later. I think 5mg is enough for me. I get night sweats as well. Lost weight, because I am not hungry; nauseated. The anxiety has decreased. Its working.
5413	8.0	I am 23 years old and have pretty intense Social Anxiety.  I starting taking Lexapro 10 mg for it when I was 21. The drug was effective at treating my anxiety, but with a trade-off: I felt no emotions.  It made me feel more confident, reduced my blood pressure, eliminated heart palpitations; but, I began to realize towards the end of my use of it that I was feeling no highs or lows.  My social life was great.  I got a girlfriend after not having one for half a decade, and have been with her for 2 years now.  But during my use of Lexapro, all of these successes were just me going through the motions.  Everything seemed surreal to me.  Six weeks ago, I switched to 5 mg, and I am not feeling intense anxiety again. Not sure what it is doing for me.
5414	3.0	While on Lexapro, I had the best and worst times of my life. I switched to Lexapro from Paxil in college and it made an immediate difference -- no more brain fog or fatigue, and all the anxiety fighting effects. I was very happy and able to deal with the high stress of superior achievement in a difficult major. However, one night I had too much to drink (not high enough BAC for alcohol poisioning, just more than I was used to) and woke up the next morning a fearful, panicked, and emotional wreck. That was over 2 and 1/2 yrs ago and I am still not the same person I used to be. I can't say for sure that the Lexapro and the alcohol caused this major change in me, but my time on Lexapro has certainly shown me the polar opposites of my life.
5415	6.0	This drug did very well for me initially, at 10mg.  My dosage over 7 years kept increasing and now I am convinced that over time this medicine will deplete your natural serotonin levels and fails to work or not work at all.  At 10mg the side effects were not that noticeable at all, but at 20 mg the side effects were much more pronounced  Especially lethargy, increased panic attacks/anxiety, weird dreams, and sexual side effects to name just a few. Everyone is different, but for me this drug worked well at a small does for about 21/2 years, then slowly stopped working to the point where I was just having side effects from the med.  Am tapering off it and feel very well so far.
5416	1.0	These glowing reviews are comical to me.  I have had anxiety most of my life, not all the time, but it has come and gone since I was a little girl.  At the urging of family members who have been on one happy pill or another trying to be happy (with no success I might add), I went to my MD and he gave me Lexapro. I took it for about 6 days, and on the 7th day. I was taken off by ambulance with a 3 day panic attack that I could do nothing about.  It scared by husband so bad, he was beside himself.  My blood pressure was extremely high, heart palpitations, a feeling of hypothermia, ice cold all over, could not urinate, etc.  Once in the hospital, the doctor had to give me a downer to counteract the Lexapro (an upper). 
5417	9.0	"I have always tended to dwell on things and make things more than they are for as long as I can remember. I am a 28 years old, young-professional who was laid off 4 months ago. Despite not being too distraught about being laid-off ""I thought"", I began having panic episodes about 3-4 month where symptoms resembled a heart attack. After an ER and 2 Doctors visits, I was prescribed Lexapro. I started the treatment Monday night, and no lie was ""on cloud 9"" Tuesday morning all day and into Wednesday (today). I take 10mg once every other day! I have just taken my second dose and I am so much more at ease and this medicine is great for those with depressive and anxiety symptoms. Definite improvement in quality of life."
5418	7.0	I'm a college student, but ever since high school I've been suffering from depression and anxiety. Once I started taking Lexapro my senior year of high school it immediately helped with the depression immensely. I was less irritable and not so emotional all the time but as for the anxiety, it only helped very little. Right now, my anxiety is through the roof and I find myself stressing over every little thing. A lot of the times on the verge of tears. So for depression, Lexapro's an 8, but for anxiety I can only rank it about a 4.
5419	10.0	My Doctor started me on Xanax.  It helped with anxiety but it was a take as needed. I felt like I was waiting for a bomb to drop waiting for that lost feeling.  My Doctor switched me to Lexapro.  I've been on it for a week now, and I feel like my old self.  I'm amazed, and so is my family with the difference in my mood.  I feel so grateful.
5420	3.0	Started Lexapro 2 days ago. Haven't taken 3rd dose yet.  Been on buspirone (BUSPAR) which has helped.  Lately needed something more due to some travel.  Have severe headache.  Couldn't sleep last night. Very very dizzy.  Waiting to hear from the doctor. Tried Cymbalta with a very similar reaction.  Doesn't look like I'm going to be able to tolerate it.  
5421	9.0	"I started taking this medicine about 4 months ago when I was dealing with a very hard breakup and suffering from panic attacks. My resistance to stress was at rock bottom when I started taking Lexapro and it stopped my panic attacks immediately. I realized I'd been dealing with anxiety my whole life and had just thought it was normal and a part of my basic personality. The side effects at first were difficulty sleeping and a lack of appetite.  The longer I've been on this medication the more ""even"" I have felt...able to handle stress but still be myself.  I'm so much more comfortable in social situations and all of my obsessive worrying is gone. Sleep and appetite are normal now. Still feel emotions but don't lose control."
5422	8.0	"I'm a 47 year old female, been on 10mg Lexapro for 5 years for anxiety and depression that I've had since childhood. I had to add 300 mg Wellbutrin XL after, due to feeling overly sedated, and low libido. This combination has worked well for me, since the Wellbutrin has an ""up"" effect, and helps with sexual side effects. Tried to reduce the Lexapro to 5mg this fall, but had some anxiety start to return, went back to 10mg recently. Maybe just holiday stress. I'm so glad these medicines are around! Wish they could have been available for my brother who committed suicide several years ago. Wish I could have had the Lexapro at an earlier age but thankful now!"
5423	9.0	I experience being thirsty all the time on this, but it eliminates cyclical worrying thoughts and decreases my irritability.  I do have difficulty reaching sexual climax, but can sometimes. But on the generic, I could not climax at all, so it is better in that regard.
5424	10.0	Last year I broke out in hives all over my body from an allergic reaction.  Had panic attacks and suffered from anxiety - tingling in head, crazy numbness and so on, all anxiety symptoms, made me feel like I was going crazy. Lexapro has been a miracle medicine for me. I've been taking it for about 6 months.  I feel so much more calm and no more anxiety symptoms or panic attacks.
5425	5.0	About 3 years ago I was on Lexapro 10mg, then I was off. Then about 9 months ago I was on Lexapro 10mg again then up to 20mg but my libido pretty much became non existent. I had weight gain, I tried working out but it didn't help the problem. It worked with my anxiety but after a while I felt like it was wearing off and I was becoming accustomed. I had lost my job and had no insurance so I couldn't afford my Lexapro, so I was cut off up until about 3 days ago. The withdrawals were INSANE, I had so many attacks and brain zaps I really wanted to crash my car into incoming traffic, I would have my mom come pick me up while I would park on the side of the road.
5426	9.0	I'm 31 and have been taken Lexapro before I wanted to go with something cheaper. My doctor prescribed a generic citalopram. I have been on that for about 7 months now. I can tell you I notice a difference in the 2 medications. Lexapro allows me to feel more motivated to get things done and generally helps me focus with less stress, while citalopram has had not much effect other than weight gain and still at times I get really irritable. Being a single father of 2 I'm going to ask my doctor to place me back on Lexapro so I will feel more proactive and not like a bump on a log that doesn't care.
5427	3.0	I have been taking Lexapro for two months now for my anxiety. It has barely helped my anxiety and has left me feeling tired all day long. I also have gained weight and have completely lost my sex drive.
5428	10.0	"A couple of weeks ago what I considered my  ""usual anxiety"" symptoms started getting worse and the doctor put me on Lexapro to calm my ever raging mood swings. I started out on 10 mg which threw me for a loop. I felt strange all the time, very fatigued but had insomnia, dry mouth, and felt emotionally numb. I almost quit taking it, but then decided to try something different. I don't know if I would recommend this for everyone, but I started taking 1/2 in the morning and 1/2 at night. I feel 100% better! I am very alert, sleep deeply, I don't have the mid afternoon slump, I am not as emotionally numb and I have so much energy."
5429	4.0	Helped anxiety but major weight gain.
5430	7.0	"In '97 I was suffering from depression so badly, I entered a clinical trial for antidepressants. Specifically, Effexor XR. I had never been on antidepressants before and I was astounded at how much better I felt. Then in '06, after the 2nd work supervisor said I had ""no sense of urgency"" I decided to switch medicines. My doctor said so many patients became apathetic after long term use. Getting off was a nightmare! But now I'm on Lexapro. It hasn't lifted me up like I'd like either, but maybe that's the way it's going to be. I experienced weight gain with Effexor and actually lost weight since I've been on Lexapro, which has been for about 2 years now. Would like to get off all medicines period."
5431	9.0	I have been on Lexapro for about 10 days. I noticed it working after about 3 days. My anxiety has completely dissipated. I have had severe social anxiety since I was a very young child, to the point that I just didn't speak most of the time. I battled with it for over 30 years on my own, thinking this was just the way I was. Finally, a new job and career caused my anxiety to sky rocket, rendering me unable to do my job properly. Since starting Lexapro I am now more free and less self conscious. I am talking to people comfortably and enjoying socializing a lot more. I don't snap at the children and don't sweat the small stuff. I haven't gained any weight (or lost any) and I just feel more like myself. The only downside: tired all the time.
5432	2.0	I have been taking Lexapro for over a year. Have gone from 10mg per day to 20mg per day. Switched between taking in the morning and taking at night. It has done nothing for me. I still have anger episodes, still worry constantly, and still big ups and downs. Hope to find something that helps soon. Good luck to all who are trying also.
5433	9.0	My cardiologist put me on Lexapro a year ago due to anxiety and heart palpitations.  I was very happy not to feel anxiety anymore and thought this is a miracle drug. Personally I thought I will stay all my life on Lexapro, this is how good it made me feel.  I slept well, I was very calm and was able to better deal with my chronic pain due to spinal cord damages. I blamed prednisone for my rheumatoid arthritis but when I found this board and read all of your opinions about Lexapro I realized what made me this way. I'm just not sure how I'll go off Lexapro.
5434	8.0	If you just started Lexapro and are considering quitting because of the side effects - don't! Trust me. Wait it out. It gets so much better. The first month I took Lexapro, I was extremely nauseous and anxious, and couldn't sleep at night. I've been on it now for six months and feel like a completely new, better person. The only side effect I experience is occasional drowsiness. I can sleep at night, I have no sexual side effects, and I haven't gained any weight. Also: Do NOT taper off this medicine without consulting your Doctor first and having him/her help you through it. If you take yourself off it (especially cold turkey) it will be horrible for you. Be smart and stay strong. The good definitely outweighs the bad.
5435	7.0	I'm 21 and have been taking Lexapro for over 4 years and have seen good results and bad. I had a panic attack after taking Zoloft and was hospitalized after a few days and began taking Lexapro afterwards and have had a few episodes. The biggest thing I think that has affected me was going off for a few days because it messed my system up. I am on 200mg in the morning and 100mg at night. I'm still struggling at times with public anxiety and depression, but still feel good after I take it. Next time I think I am going to ask for another medicine. For new users, I recommend it, but take it how you are prescribed and let your doctor know if its not working.
5436	9.0	I'm an 18 year old female who used to take Lexapro for anxiety/depression (20 mg) but went off of it for a couple years. Recently and for the first time I had a severe panic attack which landed me in the hospital, this happened two nights in a row. The doctor diagnosed me with Panic Disorder and Anxiety and prescribed me 10 mg of Lexapro daily and 5 mg of Xanax to take as needed. I took 10 mg of Lexapro the first morning but upped the dosage to 20 mg the following day. I'm on day 5 now and although the side effects (dizziness, loss of appetite, stomachache, lack of sex drive) I have noticed a significant improvement in my anxiety. I am only on day 5 so of course it'll take some time to fully see the effects.
5437	4.0	I have been on this medicine for several years.  I have anxiety and Lexapro works really good but don't miss a dose or try to wean yourself off.  It makes you dizzy and you get these Zaps; to my tongue and down my arm.  I am still not off it and went back to my normal dose.  Beware of weight gain, I eat very health and get pretty good physical activity and the weight just keeps creeping up.  Good luck!  
5438	4.0	"I suffered from anxiety for many years and as I got older it became horrible. Palpitations and things that do not seem to bother others would destroy me on the inside. I began taking Lexapro 10mg. At first it did help but then I started to have long lasting headaches...sensitive to light and feeling that I was ""numb"" from the neck up. I completely shut out the outside and withdrew from 90% of everything I liked. I read all of the reviews about the medicine as far a getting off of it, and I felt that it was pushing me further into a hole. I decided to take it every other day for one week, then half the dose and half the days. My advice is drink lots of water/ Fish oil every other day/ You must walk/ Eat even if you must force yourself/Sleep at night."
5439	10.0	After 2 heart surgeries I developed severe anxiety.  I also had constant chest pain that was not cardiac related as well as being afraid to sleep lying flat because I couldn't breathe.  Before that I was always the calmest person in any situation and suddenly being distracted by irrational fears was devastating for me.  My doctor prescribed Lexapro 20 mg daily which I initially did not take because I didn't want to be on an SSRI.  After a severe panic attack while on duty, I started taking the medication and experienced complete relief of my anxiety and panic attacks within a week.  I have not experienced any of the side effects except some gas, and my high sex drive has not been affected.
5440	1.0	I have to share my experience. I have developed anxiety over the last few months. Small panic attacks, moody behavior. My Doctor prescribed me the 4 week introduction pack 10mg I must be super sensitive. I took one pill and within an hour I was unable to function. Severe mania, made my anxiety worse. My eyes started to get really sensitive. This is the day after and I am still suffering. 
5441	9.0	"I took Lexapro from 2005 until about 1 month ago.  I have suffered from depression all of my life and have had bouts of panic attacks at various times.  I got on the Lexapro starting at 10mg but quickly went to 20mg as 10mg didn't really help.  I did notice a calming effect from the standpoint of anxiety and depression.  On the downside, I have gone from 170 pounds in 2005 to 200 pounds currently.  Also, during some extreme cases I took Xanax during the panic attacks to cope.  
I am now trying to get off the Lexapro. I have taken 10mg for a month or two and now am about 1 month into not taking any.  The problem is, now I have had some very very almost panic attack nights and have had to take the 1mg of Xanax to help. "
5442	10.0	I just started Lexapro a week and a half ago.  I noticed results almost immediately.  The only side effect I encountered was a slight light-headed feeling that has since subsided for the most part.  I have felt like hell and have been struggling with anxiety/depression for the past six years without medication.  This stuff has literally saved my life.  I feel like my old self again.  My only regret is that I didn't try it sooner.
5443	9.0	I have been on Lexapro for 3 months now. While I still have my moments I feel way more confident and can handle life's curve balls so much better.
5444	9.0	"I am a 27 yr old, 5'5"", 105 lbs female. I started taking escitalopram a month back for my panic attacks due to agoraphobia. At first started with 5 mg a day along with 0.5mg etizolam for 2 weeks which didn't make any difference. Then my psychiatrist increased the dosage to 10mg a day along with 2.5mg clobazam (Frisium). I can now go out of my house without having a panic attack but a slight anxiety is still there. Once by mistake I took two 10mg tablets (I thought I was taking two 5mg tablets from the older strip) and when I went out that day I didn't feel even the slightest bit of anxiety. Later I realized I had taken 20mg. It's been 2 weeks now on the 10mg dosage and no weight gain. In fact I lost 2lbs. Just need to ask for higher dose."
5445	6.0	"This is a drug that takes a long time to get fully into your system.  It does not just ""work"" after a day or a week.  I was on this medication from 2004 to 2007.  It worked pretty well (about 85%) for anxiety, but not very well for depression.  My nutritionist and Doctor agreed that it was the medication that caused me to gain 30 pounds (which by the way, does not help depression.) I had to keep a food journal and keep track of my activity level. The overall panic subsided, but at night when trying to fall asleep I would occasionally have chest pain, or rapid heartbeat, or trouble breathing.  You just have to try to find ways around medicines to cope.  "
5446	8.0	Today was my first day using Lexapro. I have been put on a light dosage of 5mg/day. I don't know if it was just my wishful thinking or not but within a few hours I felt a little bit braver then usual. I felt like I could actually go into my local supermarket to do some shopping which I haven't done for over 2 years now. By the end of the day my brave thoughts had disappeared but it gave me hope that this treatment will work or at least help lower my anxiety. Keeping my fingers crossed.
5447	2.0	This is just my experiences and opinions. This medication has not helped me much for my anxiety or OCD. I am taking 10 mg once a day,  but now I don't know if maybe I need to increase my dose or change to something else.  The main problem I am having is that it has not seemed to help me much with my hand washing OCD and now I have become itchy from dry skin and scalp.
5448	10.0	I was on 10mg of Lexapro for 6 years for Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. It worked great! I wanted to see if I could have a good quality of life without it since I did gain 40 pounds in that time.  I am on a weight loss program now since I had to go back on Lexapro. Withdrawal wasn't too bad. It took 4 months and I was off of it for 4 months. Had new stressful things to deal with and that's why I am taking it again. It's a great medicine I feel, just have to watch your diet!
5449	6.0	I was prescribed 10 mg Lexapro in March of 2009 for anxiety. It worked well as far as the anxiety was concerned but I decided to stop taking it in April 2010 because of the side effects--weight gain (I gained about 10 pounds even though I was a consistent gym rat and my diet did not change) and a pretty much non existent libido. This is NOT A MEDICINE YOU CAN JUST STOP TAKING. My doctor weaned me off by having me take 5 mg everyday for 2 weeks and then 5 mg every other day for a week. The withdrawl symptoms were not bad until I stopped taking it all together. I've noticed I've been easily fatigued and have constant dizziness, which seems to be worse in the mornings--hopefully it will subside soon.
5450	10.0	"I'm taking escitalopram known as ""Cipralex"" in the country I'm in temporarily, better known as ""Lexapro"" in the States, and I've found it surprisingly effective for my anxiety. I feel calm, relaxed, and content at almost all times. Also, I find myself comfortable in situations where my anxiety used to get the best of me. Lexapro is a true pharmaceutical innovation. I fully recommend this drug for anxiety/depression/apathy."
5451	9.0	I had been trying to convince my boyfriend of 6 years to go to the doctor and get something prescribed to treat his panic attacks, GAD, etc. At the beginning of last year he finally went to the doctor after enduring panic and anxiety for 5 or 6 years. The doctor prescribed him Xanax which helped a lot but he still was unable to do a lot of things. Today is his seventh day using Lexapro and I am already beginning to see a difference in him. The first 4 days he had some pretty shocking side effects, i.e. dry mouth, nausea, bit of dizziness and unable to reach orgasm. However judging by how well he is doing on day 7, I have very high hopes for this medicine and am excited that he is finally going to get to really enjoy life the way he deserves.
5452	10.0	I've been taking Lexapro since November of last year (2009) and it works great!  I used to get really nervous entering a room or place with large crowds and now it's easy being the center of attention, especially me wanting to be an actress and all...it really helps! I'm the person I've always wanted to be...confident, outgoing, and alot of other things.  Although, It would be great if I could do this without the medicine, however, I had tried getting off of it and the anxiety came right back. So, it just works great.  I don't get nervous or embarrassed easily anymore.  I'm not as moody either...it helps with that.  What more can I say?  If you suffer from anxiety, this is great! I no longer have panic attacks either.
5453	4.0	Been on Lexapro 10 mg for 3 days now and the panic attacks went away but still have times where I feel like curling up in a ball and crying. I'm really jittery and feel like sleeping all the time. I'm hanging in there to see if it works...wish me luck!
5454	9.0	I am back on Lexapro after 2 years off. I commenced taking 20mg about 6 days ago and the side effects were quite severe for the first few days (No appetite, upset stomach, insomnia, fogginess, grinding, jittery, cold sweats and no sex drive). However, that has subsided a little and I am now feeling quite calm and much less toxic towards myself. I am actually feeling quite carefree for a change and things don't seem to be affecting me as they had been for too long...my head is giving me a holiday. It is great to know that they helped me before and I know that they are going to help me get through again.
5455	10.0	This has really helped with my anxiety. I had some stomach upset (on an off) for the first couple of weeks but it all went and it is SO WORTH IT to feel the anxiety is so much better.
5456	10.0	This has helped me get my life back.
5457	9.0	I am 20 years old. I have used Lexapro for two months. I must say it's great, anxiety and depression are gone. 
5458	8.0	"About 1.5 years ago, I had a very serious, nearly fatal skiing accident. The six months following my experience, I found myself petrified to drive, extremely nervous and plagued by nightmares. My anxiety eventually lead to depression - I lost all confidence, became extremely self critical and was highly dissatisfied with my life. Exercise and ""positive thought"" helped, but did not restore me to my previous self. I began taking 5mg of Lexapro about 11 months ago; I still get nervous, excited, happy, angry, sad - but now the feelings of sadness and anxiety do not overwhelm me. I feel like myself again!
I have noticed a few side effects - dry mouth, some indigestion, periodic trouble sleeping (1x/month) and some trouble with orgasm.Not to bad!"
5459	7.0	I found that Lexapro really elevated my mood drastically and helped my anxiety, but it also gave me severe insomnia, dreamy thinking, and the inability to pay attention.
5460	9.0	I feel obligated to share my experience with Lexapro.  Before seeking psychiatric treatment, I'd spend hours on this website (a well as others) reading reviews of Lexapro and similar SSRIs.  I suffer from GAD and Lexapro has helped tremendously.  The only downside was the side effects at first (unable to achieve orgasm, crazy dreams, extreme gas), but those have subsided.  My partner notices a complete turnaround in my stability.  I am very thankful for Lexapro.  I am so glad that I made it trough the first few weeks with the side effects.  This drug changed my life.
5461	1.0	My young daughter suffers from Tourette Syndrome, OCD and Anxiety. The Anxiety is a recent thing. She has never been treated before for her tics (TS) or OCD (which actually is relatively new as well). They started her on Lexapro and her anxiety was heightened as well as decreasing her appetite. Which is not good since her obsession is NOT throwing up from food. So for her, this medicine did not work. She also complained of being tired, more nausea than usual, etc. She wasn't on it long either. We just made the decision that we could not afford her to be worse. She is now on something else - fingers crossed that it'll work!
5462	10.0	I love Lexapro! This drug has done wonders for my anxiety. I have had the sexual side effects - hard to get an orgasm. I will say that went away for me. It might take me a little longer but I'm totally enjoying sex now! Give it time and your body will adjust to it.
5463	8.0	Lexapro has helped my anxiety and depression and I am glad to be on it. Started in January of 2002 and it brought me back to my senses and I was able to get out of a bad relationship and meet my husband. The side effects are minimal and blend into my daily life without much thought. Sexual side effects can be frustrating but my husband and I have a system figured out that works for us. I will be upping to 20 mg from 15 mg because of some social anxiety over the last few months from a job loss and the isolation and excess worry that followed. For panic, I take klonopin which has been a life saver. Once Lexapro kicked in, I felt like I had always wanted to feel since the age of 15 - normal! Not sad, not scared, not worried or anxious.
5464	1.0	I have heardof this drug working well for others. However, I feel compelled to write my experience with this drug. I was given a four week supply of Lexapro by my doctor (10mg pills) because I had panic attacks two days in a row which I did not realize at the time was a result of over drinking. I ended up taking two pills total. The side effects I experienced were: EXTREME anxiety, nausea, headache, chest pains, cold sweats, sleeplessness, nervous energy, and just general mania. I was terrified that this would never go away. The side effects went away the fourth day after taking the second (and last) pill. That was however the worst and longest 4 days of my life. You WILL get through this!
5465	8.0	I have gone through a lot these last 5 months from changing careers and moving and having two deaths in my family. I was having bad crying jags and feeling really down. My anxiety was very high. I have been on this medication for about 4 days now and I feel a sense of peace and all my mind-chatter has left. I know the full dose has not kicked in yet so I'm hoping to feel better and better. I was totally against taking anything but sometimes you just need that extra push. In the beginning I did feel very tired but that has lifted. I feel clear headed and plan to stay on this for a little just to get back to normal.
5466	10.0	I LOVE LEXAPRO. I had really bad anxiety before Lexapro and now I feel much calmer and more in control of my life.  I only take 5mgs because my body is super sensitive but I can definitely feel and see a change.  Sometimes I still suffer from anxiety during PMS but during the rest of the month I'm so happy and life is so much easier to deal with.  Lexapro was a life saver for me.
5467	5.0	Was prescribed this medicine to combat my generalized anxiety disorder. It worked fine for a few months, but then I got depressed.  I didn't want to leave the house, talk on the phone, or even text or email any friends at all.  I also gained 20 lbs.  That might have had something to do with the depression that suddenly came about also.  This might work for some people, but I was not one of them.
5468	4.0	Helped to take the edge off, but I had very vivid dreams that were bizarre in content.  Had problems sleeping and having quality of sleep.
5469	9.0	Lexapro has worked really well for my anxiety/depression issues. The only down side is that it pretty much killed my sex drive. In the process of finding a remedy for that, for my husband's sake!
5470	10.0	I have been taking Lexapro 20mg daily for 4 years now. Works great on my anxiety. Side effects: better concentration skills for work, lower sex drive but still works, normal appetite, if I miss to many days I lose some of my word memory abilities and a short vocabulary until I get my doses back on a daily regimen. I do have trouble going to sleep but sleep well when I finally get to sleep.
5471	8.0	My doctor and I tried various medications to help me with anxiety. Lexapro has been the most effective. I've been taking it for a couple of years - now at 40 mg. It does have side effects that have not dissipated: lack of sex drive, much heavier sweating, and a numbing of emotions. However, the calm I feel far outweighs those problems.
5472	9.0	I'm a 38 year old female.  I've been on Lexapro 10mgs for 2 1/2 weeks now for severe anxiety due to marital issues.  It has definitely helped- I feel much calmer about my life and has given me back the feeling of being able to cope with life's current problems.  Before starting Lexapro I was taking Valium every couple days for anxiety and I haven't needed to take a single one since starting.  The one major side effect I noticed almost immediately was difficulty in reaching orgasm (which was never an issue in the past).  I'm not yet sure whether that's a deal breaker as I think the other SSRIs would have the same effect.
5473	10.0	For me, this drug has been amazing. I've had anxiety most of my life but over the past few years I started having panic attacks. I finally went to the doctor and he put me on Lexapro. I've been taking it for approximately 6 months and I started seeing results within the 1st week. I haven't gained any weight, in fact I've lost weight and sometimes have to make myself eat. It does make me sleepy, so I take it at night. For me it has worked wonders.
5474	7.0	I've been on Lexapro for 2 years and am now weening myself off.  I am giving this medicine a relatively high rating because it saved my social and academic life in under a month of beginning treatment.  However, after being on it for about 2 years it's effects have plateaued.  I am completely emotionally neutral to any situation.  Some may like this feeling, but I do not.  Example:  I get a D on an important term paper.  Emotion: I don't care.  Example: I get an A on an important term paper.  Emotion:  I don't care.  I'd at least like to feel something from emotional stimuli.  I will either be trying a different drug or giving a completely drugless life a chance.  Good luck to you all.
5475	10.0	Lexapro has saved my life. I no longer feel anxiety or major depression. If I didn't find this antidepressant medication I would not be alive to this day. I am so thankful.
5476	2.0	Side effects aren't worth it for me.
5477	10.0	My psychologist originally suggested Lexapro to treat my anxiety and panic disorder, then my doctor prescribed it. I was told that it is not habit forming and that it has low side effects and works well to treat panic disorder. I started out on 10mg for 3 weeks then went up to 20mg. My side effects have been mild and have included nausea (the first few days), weight loss (which I don't mind) because of decreased appetite, mild increased sweating, and recently trouble falling asleep. All in all I am very pleased with it and have had only one panic attack in over a month. I used to have multiple ones weekly. I feel like I am finally getting my life back and I would recommend this medicine to anyone.
5478	7.0	Lexapro is good it has really helped to calm me down. The first few days have been tough I have been nauseated, I have lost my appetite, I'm restless, but overall it really is making a difference and I have only been on it a few days. It hasn't helped my depression yet, but I have been told it takes a while.
5479	8.0	I started Lexapro 10 mg while my mother was terminally ill - very high stress period. It was like a miracle. Totally relaxed me and got me through a rough period. I only experienced two side effects - weight gain (10 lbs) and zero sex drive. Because of the weight gain, I decided to wean myself off a few months after my mother passed away with no problems at all. Then, six months later began suffering the worst anxiety with severe panic attacks. I immediately got back on Lexapro and will try to combat the weight gain with diet and exercise. It was a good drug for me.
5480	5.0	I'm female 24 years old, 190lbs. I was on 5 mg to 10mg now I'm at 20mg I have been on this medicine for 8 months. It makes me feel a little better but I have had bad dreams so now I take another pill to sleep.
5481	3.0	I was put on this for my anxiety disorder and my bulimia/anorexia. I was put on 5 mg and than bumped up to 15 mg over a months times. I started this drug three months ago and last month I had to be taken off. I had bruises all over my legs, I had no energy, I would fall asleep at 10pm and wake up at noon the next day and be taking a nap at 3pm. My anxiety improved some but those side effects were too much.
5482	9.0	I have always had anxiety, but after having my twins at 25 weeks the anxiety just got worst. After their long stay in the NICU and they were fine I thought things would get better but it became my everyday life. I have now been on Lexapro for 4 days and I am very excited of the effects already. I feel more relaxed and I don't get upset over the little things. I am actually losing weight and sleeping better. I wish I had gone to my MD sooner because I feel like I am on my way to being my old self again. I am now on my way to being a better mom and wife and that makes me feel great.
5483	9.0	"I was on Paxil and switched to Lexapro a few years back (3) and have not had many side affects. It really does calm me down so I have become a nicer person, and shrug off things that I would normally go crazy about, less shouting etc. I take 20mg. I do feel it has made me lazier and as a result I have been putting on some weight as I exercise less. It does affect orgasms which are much harder to pull off and takes incredible effort. I tried 3 times to go off the drug cold turkey, with terrible results. I just became depressed. After a few days I just went back on it again and after 15 minutes felt the glow of calm come into my body and I was ""normal"" again.  It is addictive, to quit, definitely need to decrease dose gradually."
5484	9.0	Since taking Lexapro for my anxiety I have not had any heart palpitations.
5485	10.0	Lexapro has been a God send for me. I started off with 10 mg and it didn't do a thing, so I was increased to 20 mg, and wow what a difference. I now find myself actually starting conversations with people - something the pre-Lexapro me could have never dreamed. I feel so much more relaxed - like a real person, finally. No side effects at all either except it definitely increases the effects of alcohol. Didn't really do much for my depression, but I think just feeling less anxious is helping it along.
5486	6.0	I have only been taking this medication for 2 weeks. It has been pretty up and down for me each and everyday. I requested help for anxiety made worse by PMS. I started on 2.5mg and had scary anxiety, worse than what I was even taking it for, mild dry mouth, dizziness, and head sensations that were not quite painful but annoying. Just when I thought it was getting better, side effects seem to come and go as they please. I know that 2 weeks is not a fair amount of time to evaluate the drug completely and while my PMS was improved this month, I feel different, and not in a good way. I don't know how much longer I will give it a go.
5487	9.0	This worked well for my anxiety attacks
5488	9.0	"I got into a burnout and had anxiety, depressive and obsessive thoughts. I couldn't sleep anymore. My Doctor initially prescribed Paxil but the side effects were horrible so she switched me to Lexapro. My symptoms gradually went away over a month. The only side effect I had was mild weight gain which I could not sweat off until I quit the medication.

I stayed on Lexapro for just over a year while I also did CBT. I gradually quit over a 6-wk period with no withdrawal symptom.

Lexapro litteraly saved my job, relationship and my sanity. I only have good comments to say about this drug."
5489	9.0	I found that in high stress situations, I still had some degree of anxiety (sweaty palms, holding my breath without realizing it, some shaking, etc) but overall my ability to handle anxiety evened out.  I was a lot less stressed and found decision making, dealing with my children, and talking in front of people to be much more manageable.  I was able to sleep better without waking up several times in a panic wondering what I had forgotten to do.  I stopped worrying about things.  This drug changed my life with a moderately low dose and with little to no side effects.
5490	8.0	10mg of this medication in the morning did wonders for my anxiety and depression.  I felt awful physically and mentally and it made me feel WAY normal again.  The side effects I experienced were heart palpitations, increase in stomach acid, occasional nausea, minor drowsiness, and dizziness upon standing.  None were bad enough to quit. 
5491	5.0	Was prescibed Lexapro for anxiety and panic disorder.  Only could give this a neutral 5 rating as the side effects stopped me after a week from experiencing the possible benefits.  I am told that this is a very good drug by my doctor and shrink alike.  It gave me more anxiety and crazy chest pains.  I was on 10mg daily.
5492	10.0	I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and was given Lexapro along with cognitive therapy. The first week Lexapro made me worse than I was originally. However, it worked wonders and has helped me immensely to get my life back in order.  I started on a light dosage at 10mg and in 4 weeks jumped to 20mg which is typical.  This combined with cognitive therapy has got me back on track.  I really didn't experience any side effects except feeling crappy when I first got on it.  Within 4 weeks it was fine.  To me it is like taking aspirin everyday now.
5493	8.0	For the first week on Lexapro, I felt weird; a little lightheaded, dizzy, had insomnia and some minor stomach issues but I stuck it out and I'm so glad I did. I have been taking it for 5 weeks now. I take Lexapro around 10am now as this helps prevent insomnia at night. I feel more energetic, happier and more social. I don't feel out of control or strange or anything. No side effects now. I would highly recommend it anyone to try this.
5494	9.0	I have been taking Lexapro for 3 months now and feel great. I had severe anxiety. Now I feel like myself and can think clearly. If I get angry I only feel that way for a few minutes instead of a few days. I experienced a few side effects like dry mouth, and restlesness but those symptoms have faded. The worst side effect I have is loss of appetite. I don't mind that one so much.
5495	9.0	"I have tried four different anti-depressants. All, apart from Lexapro, caused intolerable insomnia. I have now taken Lexapro for 3 years and found it to be life altering. I now feel ""normal"" and my sleep patterns have improved remarkably. My only side effect is slight sexual difficulties, however these have lessened over time."
5496	10.0	Lexapro was a life saver.  It saved me from being anxious and sad all the time.  In fact, it's helped me with my pre-menstrual syndrome also.  I am so much calmer.
5497	10.0	"I started taking lexapro 2 years ago. I have always had bad nerves , but when my daughter graduated high school, I was suffering from the ""empty nest syndrome"". Lexapro really helped me alot and the only fall back for me was my weight gain. I went from size 10 to 16 . I am going off from the medicine now and I think that I will do okay and if I ever have to go back on something it would be this. Good Luck!"
5498	9.0	I have been taking Lexapro 10mg for 4 months for anxiety and panic attack disorder with mild OCD. The panic attacks went away completely and my anxiety was lessened. I am no longer walking around with a constant lump in my stomach and I feel stable. I had chest pains from the anxiety and they also went away after a month on Lexapro. If you experience side effects in the beginning please try to stick it out it is worth it. I had some side effects (restlessness, insomnia, worsening of panic episodes, dry mouth and sweating) but they went away after 4 weeks. The only bad thing about Lexapro is the weight gain. I gained 12 lbs in 2 months. Recently I had to up my dose to 15mg, when my dad died and I started feeling anxious again. Good luck all.
5499	8.0	I was slowly suffering from anxiety (through high school) and never really knew it. About 3 years ago (age 29) I began to have anxiety and panic attacks after a vet visit with my cat. I seizured from the anxiety of being in the vet office and from then on for about a year the anxiety turned into panic attacks at work, meetings, car, home. It wasn't until I finally had a full on panic attack (felt like a heart attack) and had to go to hospital that I was prescribed Lexapro. I did not want to accept the fact that I needed to take medicine for something psychological. I always tried to fight things with my mind. Over the past 2 years I am glad I was prescribed Lexapro. It has completely changed my anxiety. I still have occasionall anxiety but no attacks. Main side effect was low sex drive.
5500	9.0	Lexapro is a good anti-depressant (I was perscribed this drug for anxiety but felt very positive after about two weeks). That being said, in my opinion it did more for my un-diagnosed depression then for my diagnosed anxiety, which is the reason for the perscription. I did rate this product a 9/10 though, because like I said it seems to be a great anti-depressant.
5501	9.0	My mom died when I was 4 and last semester I always had anxiety in the background and now at 15, spring semester of '08 I had some mild panic attacks and worry, nervousness, sadness and excessive shyness all day long. This medication is a life saver and I love it. They say 8 weeks for the full effect and sure it might re-balance your chemicals in 8 weeks, but give it a chance as it still takes a while after that for you to break out of your shell.
5502	10.0	After being on Lexapro for 2 weeks, I felt like a new woman.
5503	9.0	"I have only been taking Lexapro for two days but I already felt a difference the first day.  It was like things were not such a big deal.  A few hours after taking the second dose I had this wave of memories from the last year that made me go ""wow, I've over reacted, over thought, over cried, over expected from myself and others"".  It does make me a bit sleepy so I take it before bed. My appetite is more normal now where I would eat to feel better now I am only eating when I'm hungry.  It makes me thirsty and makes me yawn a lot but overall but I think this may save me and my family from my freak out moments."
5504	9.0	I have been on lexapro for about 6 weeks. The very first day I noticed a change, kind of a numb feeling but better. Six weeks into it let me tell you lexapro saved my life.
5505	9.0	I took everything personally before Lexapro. Now I'm just a little above it all. I live with more certainty and confidence it seems. I love my Lexapro.
5506	10.0	"Lexapro has changed my life significantly. I had GAD and my anxiety was absolutely awful, especially since I am in graduate school. I started on Lexapro and didn't start seeing the effects for about 6 months; but it was well worth the wait. I am the ""old me"" and couldn't be happier. My advice is to give it time- it really does take a while."
5507	10.0	Since I was in 10th grade, I've had anxiety and depression. I was placed on Lexapro 10mg, but still had some social anxiety and anxiety about other things. I didn't have as much as before so the doctor increased it to 20mg. I've never felt better. Like others have said, I almost forget I have anxiety. I feel fine everyday and it's the greatest feeling in the world. If anyone is reading this post and is unsure about asking the doctor about help with anxiety, social anxiety, depression, etc, please don't wait. This drug truly saved my life.
5508	9.0	I have used this for four years, since my dad died, and I recommend it to anyone who is depressed or angry. I went off it once, at a stupid time, and I will never stop taking it again.
5509	10.0	Without going into my whole story about this drug and the events that lead me up to the point of taking it, I will just say my piece about it and move on.  At the risk of sounding cliche, it is a miracle drug.  It completely changed my life, for the better.  I really cant even begin to say all the specific things it helped me change about myself.  I'm not normally the type of person who will get on the Internet and give kudos to a product of any kind, but with this I am.  Look into it!
5510	9.0	Helps my anxiety tremendously!
5511	10.0	Saved my life. I used to take 20 mg two years ago. I ended up taking myself off, (tapering) then I was fine for about 6 months. I fell into a relapse and now started on 10 mg. I would be so afraid of what to eat and if something was going to make my blood sugar to high. Now I can eat healthy but not have to worry that to much fruit will make me sick. I can have a soda every now and then. I love Lexapro. The first few days are different, headache, stomach ache and dizziness. Now I feel 100% better.
5512	10.0	No side effects...and no more panic attacks. Yay.
5513	9.0	Excellent
5514	10.0	I'm a male 44 years, and suffered anxiety for years. I could not drive on the freeway without panic attacks, and the fear of crashing. I went to countless doctors before I decided to try medication(Lexapro). It changed my life. It took about three months for me to feel like my old self again. I have no side effects, and I haven't had a panic attack in three years since I began taking it. Life is great thanks to Lexapro.
5515	7.0	I have had anxiety for over 14yrs. I have been using lexapro for 1 year it has kept me emotitionaly stable but it has not helped my anxiety at all. I use 40mg.
5516	7.0	My son is 8yrs old and has asperger's with an emphasis in anxiety. When the doc prescribed Lexapro at 10mg he had a manic episode, but when decreased to 5mg MY SON SMILED FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 2YRS! For a mom there is no greater feeling. We have to occationally use an additional anxiety medicine durning periods of intense stress but for maintenance therapy it's great. I only gave it a rating of 7 due to the severe WEIGHT GAIN he has experienced. Good luck to all who suffer
5517	10.0	this medication is amazing and has changed my life for the better! However like most SSRI's it does neg impact sex drive etc and it did lead to weight gain
5518	9.0	I have been suffering from Severe Depression, Anxiety and Panic attacks for 4 years. I have been on every anti-depressent and anti-anxiety med known along with mood stabilizers. All of these at the same time and always tweaking doses. I had no life I just wanted to be alone from my wife and kids and people in general. This hurt that I was not able to be the dad and husband I used to be. I have been on Lexapro for 4 weeks now and for the first time I have no anxiety or depression. It works for me
5519	8.0	My husband used to take Paxil &amp; was able to ween himself off successfully,over 6 years ago. Now,after being severely &amp; permanently injured at work,having spinal surgery 2 years ago, he has severe anxiety,with good reason! &amp; his doctors have put him on Valium, then Ativan, &amp; then Klonapin.  But recently, a new doctor asked him to try Lexapro. Boy what a wonder drug so far!! Very few side-effects,and it really gets him focused and happier!! If it continues,it will be a miracle for our family!!!!!!
5520	7.0	"I am an 18 year old female, 5'4"", 118 lbs, currently on 40 mg of Lexapro and 80 mg of Vyvanse for anxiety and other issues. Mild nausea for the first couple days of treatment, fine after that. No other notable effects until going from 30 to 40, now noticed a somewhat decreased sex drive and some difficulty orgasming. Still deciding whether that's worth it.

Otherwise, Lexapro is decent. No fabulous turnaround for me, but definitely helping me get on with life :-)"
5521	5.0	not as effective as diazipam but as you probly know diazipam is for short term use only as it is very addictive unfortunatly.
5522	10.0	I am a long time general anxiety disorder (GAD)  and panic sufferer.  I went on effexor XR since celexa stopped working for me.   I love it.   I feel better, I feel more motivated.  I've lost 25lbs because I am out now out walking and just living my life with no worry or anxiety anymore.   I still have a little but nothing like it was.   My husband says I am so different for the better.  We are so happy since I took it.  My husband saids laughingly thank you effexor. lmao.  I have to agree. It works for me.
5523	10.0	I have taken depression medicine few times in my life. I was on sertraline 50mg the first times and then it had to be 100 mg. This last time I took it like 4 months and it never kicked in, my doctor prescribed me Effexor 75mg capsules . This is my second day on them I feel little different I have a feeling they will work. 
5524	8.0	I tried Effexor XR 75mg twice per day some time ago, in 2016 - but didn't like it so stopped after a couple of weeks or so.  I don't recall any side effects.  Lately I have just been having bad thoughts, sleeplessness and anxiety including vertigo and dream like states to almost passing out as well as attacks of sudden depression.  I started again on 75mg once per day, and I feel much more level and like I can deal with things.  Still finding my place on it, getting my concentration and focus back, hopefully before my next assignment is due ... sigh, but I am having a positive outcome thus far.
5525	1.0	Gave me hypoglycemia upon wakening and panic attacks...at the lowest dosage of 37.5 mg when added on to Lexapro. Never again.
5526	9.0	I have been on and off this medication for years - it has been the one that has worked best for me always.  I will start to feel I need more and try something else, but I always come back to Effexor XR.  I take 37.5 mg.  I have NEVER had a zap or cried when going off the medication or forgetting a dose, although I am on a low dose.  It is what makes me feel the closest to normal of all the medications I have tried.  I do have to say that Paxil was the first med I ever tried and it totally removed all anxiety, which was what I needed at that time, but I put on 40 lbs with it and have struggled with that weight ever since.  I have come to understand that we all need a wee bit of anxiety in our lives or else what would be the catalyst to get out of bed or work out or be a better person.  But when the anxiety becomes unhealthy some of us we need the help that only a medication can give us.
5527	5.0	People should say if they are male or female. It works differently on them. I think it works better for male
5528	10.0	Had panic attacks for 21 years and eventually put on Effexor.  What a relief would not give these up for all the tea in China fantastic
5529	9.0	I developed severe IBS-D and OCD anxiety symptoms building into agoraphobia, which became progressively worse, to include suicidal thoughts and led to a legitimate nervous breakdown. My doctor prescribed Effexor supplemented for a short time with Clonazepam to get through this period and I was able to within a few weeks. An overlooked effect of this drug is that my stomach issues improved CONSIDERABLY (75mg), while Zoloft had made it worse. I highly recommend this for anyone with IBS-D or OCD type anxiety symptoms. It is very difficult to wean off of, but I am now pregnant and have come down to 37.5mg by going down 12mg every 2 weeks with minimal side effects. A perinatal specialist recommended I not completely go off, just wean down. Though the baby has not been born yet, I had a comprehensive ultrasound done to check for birth defects and everything looks very healthy. Good luck and I hope this helps!
5530	10.0	I have been on this drug for 2 weeks and am already in love with it. I feel like it’s balancing out something in my brain that has been broken a long time. I feel like if I’m not constantly struggling and fighting to lose weight the pounds just pile on. When I stop exercising while sick I gain everything back. I also have depression and anxiety. Most pills make me feel like a zombie. So since starting this drug I have lost almost ten pounds in 2 weeks. And I haven’t even tried! I am less hungry, like if I’m not hungry food doesn’t even look good. I was on vacation for one of the weeks I’ve been on Effexor and didn’t eat the healthiest, but did eat less. I haven’t exercised either, except for a few days here and there. I know it takes longer to see the real effects of the drug, but I’m already less anxious and the weight is just falling off. No bad side effects except a little constipation and a slight head ache the first week.
5531	5.0	I'll just rate this middle. It helped with my mood and anxiety some but at some point I started getting side effects my psych said happen to people in withdrawal - but I was taking the dose I was prescribed everyday, which was 150mg after being 75mg. It started getting really hard to get up and I always felt like I was beaten by a bag of oranges everywhere every night at some point upon waking. I'd want to wake up and even try to roll onto the floor but opening up my eyes and getting up were just... hard.I  can't remember exactly what it was like but I truly did want to wake up. I would also just feel confused about simple things and had to really try to think to tell if I was sleepy at times or had low blood sugar since I have issues with *low* sugar levels
5532	10.0	I feel it's important to share because as a mom I was on line in the middle of the night searching for answers for my daughter. She is 13 and has anxiety. At 4 she had night terrors and then would pass out with any pain. She started to be difficult to take to school in 4th grade due to the fear of throwing up. She was put on Lexapro after my great hesitation as she was so young. It helped a little. When 7th grade hit her body was 2 seconds from fight or flight. Frequent panic attacks were long and exhausting. Long story short she had genetic testing done and Effexor was on her list of Med's that should work. She is like night and day after around four weeks. Its about finding the right med for you. Genetic testing is a start.
5533	10.0	I suffered from depression and anxiety all through university. Effexor helped me finish my degree and I couldn't be happier. Everyone can react differently, just pay attention to your body.
5534	10.0	I was prescribed the Effexor ER for acute depression and anxiety after a death in the family and only took it for a month, but it made me sane and able to face every day as a teacher without crying randomly throughout the day. That was 2 years ago. I was prescribed it again for the same thing when my fiance passed away. I thought I was ready to stop taking it after 3 weeks but I found myself fighting back tears over small incidents like breaking a pen or a student asking me a simple question about the material. I started taking it again and it's been a life saver for me. I can still take the time to reminisce at night and grieve, although the tears seldomly come. If you aren't on it long then the withdrawal isn't bad at all. Hope this helps!:)
5535	2.0	I was prescribed this for onset of anxiety and possible hormonal mood swings. I was not told by my doctor how it would make me feel or how hard coming off of it would be. I took one 37.5 mg capsule and was horrified that I was given this. I woke up at 2am with an anxiety attack for about the first hour. It then went into being wired, nauseous, shakey, weak, chills and sweating. 11 years ago I quit using meth and this was awful that I felt like I was on it again. I laid in bed the entire day, wide awake and ill. I never took another dose! And even one pill took at least another full day to leave my system. My nervous system is obviously sensitive and I could not handle this medication at all.
5536	10.0	I started Effexor XR (generic version) about 3 weeks ago. I will admit, the bottle sat on my counter for a week before I took my first one, because the negative reviews terrified me. I finally took one and I am so glad I did! I have been on practically every anxiety/ depression med there is and had kind of lost hope with them working. I have also tried several different natural methods and they helped a little bit, but not nearly enough. I struggle mainly with anxiety and have for about 15 years now. By day 3, I had already noticed a difference. It's been 3 weeks &amp; not only is my anxiety significantly better, I no longer have swollen joints or numbness in my hands &amp; feet, I'm so much happier &amp; way less stressed. Life changing!!
5537	10.0	Effexor has been a Godsend for me. I went through every med out there to control my depression and anxiety attacks. I have been on it now for 11 years, and it's still working just fine. I'm not saying every day is roses and rainbows, but, if I can have 6 out of 7 days positive, it's a far cry better than 7 out of 7 horrible.
5538	1.0	Only take Effexor if you want to be on it for life. The withdrawal lasted 3 months for me. I think my body and mind are permanently damaged from this drug. It helped anxiety by numbing me but at the same time, made me more depressed at times.
5539	9.0	This medication strongly relieved my depression/anxiety. After having a horrible experience with sertraline, I was wary of trying a new drug. However, this drug has been a lifesaver and I'm so glad I continued to try medication. It made me functional and able to enjoy life again (--: I did experience some side effects for the first two months, including: lack of appetite, weight loss, sleep disturbances, and difficulty achieving orgasm. These effects faded though, and now the only time I experience anything negative is if I miss a dose. Do NOT try this medication if you cannot adhere to a strict regimen. The withdrawal symptoms after missing a dose are unpleasant. That said, don't be afraid of this drug! Take it as directed and it works.
5540	9.0	I recommend it for those who struggle with fears panic attacks social anxiety. It's really helpful after 1 month u will find it very helpful- it  changed my life.
5541	9.0	I was on effexor 37.5 mg for 2 years. Worked wonders! I slowly weaned myself off it 6 months ago with minimal side effects. My anxiety has crept up on me again so I have decided to go back on it. I'm on a low dose but it works for me.
5542	1.0	I took this pill once at 37.5mg to start my regimen. I got serotonin syndrome and was hospitalized. Steer clear from this medicine.
5543	7.0	"It was efficient to have no anxiety. 

Except 2 weeks before my final exams, I""froze"" = I had anxiety attacks.
The big side effect was that it was extremely difficult to reach an orgasm / ejaculation + I lost more than 50 % of sex pleasure. Not good for couple life. Also I sweat A LOT during the night + big traumatizing nightmares if you forget your pills +  I think I did sleep apnea + sleep paralysis. All those things at 75 mg. An other bad effect was that I became over confident / maniac.

Also better to use Effexor than generics. The real brand seemed better for me"
5544	5.0	I am taking 150 mg. I began at 75 with little effects. At 150..honestly I feel more anxious, yet medicated. I have been taking Effexor for 6 months.I  believe it does more for my depression, than for anxiety. My appetite is about the same. I seem to wake up irritated, and have to take Seroquel at night to sleep. I am going to give it a few more months, then will talk to my doctor about changing it, or adding something for anxiety.
5545	4.0	Average-- not satisfied -- symptoms continue
5546	8.0	"Hi, I've been on Effexor for 2 weeks now.
I feel a lot less anxious and generally happier.
I've noticed some side effects, which I was expecting. So I thought I'd share my experience.
Sweaty hands, blurred vision, nightmares, stomach ache / head ache, loss of appetite, weight loss, trouble sleeping, major increase of the the effects of alcohol. Those are just some of them."
5547	1.0	"Before anyone agrees to taking Effexor (venlafaxine), please look at the withdrawl symptoms. The symptoms and experience has been likened to heroin or opiate addiction withdrawl. Please do your research and regardless of what your doctor tells you, THERE ARE ALTERNATIVES!
I hope this helps someone."
5548	10.0	I believe this medication saved my life. I did feel extremely sleepy at first while my dosage was being raised but that went away quickly. I have a new feeling of wanting to get up and do things that wasn't there before. I also feel a sense of calm and peacefulness. The only side effects so far that were troublesome is constipation and sometimes it's hard to concentrate if someone is speaking.
5549	10.0	I had a nervous breakdown when I was 38, I literally felt as if I was going out of my mind. I had gotten pregnant when I was 21 and had terminated the pregnancy. I had a few years of depression with no meds . I left my Husband and two children and went and stayed with my Sister. She promptly took me to a Psychiatrist that put me on Effexor Xr 75 mg twice a day. He also gave me Xanax to help me with the breakdown. Effexor and my Dr.  saved my life. I have been on Effexor for 22 years. I sometimes feel the depression coming back and I now still have lots of Anxiety. but I take my Xanax and it helps. I have switched to Prozac, Brintellix, Lexapro . None of them work. I always go back to Effexor. I pray daily that God will heal me .
5550	10.0	"If you want to live life on a drug, this worked!  But beware for when you come off!  Best bet is to supplement naturally.  Your body is lacking something that you can get in a better-for-you form.
Withdrawal symptoms are terrible!"
5551	5.0	On Effexor for 14 years.  150 milligrams daily of the IR not the XR so I was taking 75mg 2 times per day.  In retrospect, the medicine worked for me for about a year and the other 13 were just maintenance years.  I also found since titrating from 150mg down to 9.75 mg that I feel human again.  Effexor solved zero problems for me and it simply numbed me to feeling strong emotion.  I also dropped 36 pounds since coming off of this medicine and feel a heck of a lot better.  I have been titrating since July of 2015 and my last titration to zero will be in 2 weeks.  As stated before, this stuff doesn't solve problems, it just numbs human emotion.  Me, like many other folks need to learn how to accept our emotions.  The answer isn't always a drug
5552	10.0	"I have been taking Effexor on and off for the past 10 years.  There is no better medicine for my anxiety than Effexor.  The trick with Effexor XR is that you need to know exactly how to take it and not to take more than what you really need.  I am now on a steady 37.5mg (minimum dose) and it works just fine.  My doctor tells me that that low dose is hardly therapeutic but it works just fine for me.  Of course I need to practice many anxiety relief techniques, especially the ones that help get you back to sleep, but overall, Effexor XR at 37.5 mg each morning takes the severe edge off my condition, I do the rest.
It's a good mix."
5553	10.0	I've suffered from severe panic disorder since I was 10.  I am 45 now. I was on 200mg of Zoloft for 18 years. It took away my anxiety, but also took away any motivation. I was a zombie for all of those years and slept all the time. My new Dr. suggested switching to Effexor. I was afraid that it wouldn't work and my panic would come back. I was so wrong. After a week on 37.5 mg, my energy was back and anxiety still gone. I'm on 75mg. I can't believe I stayed on Zoloft so long! I can think and do things again! I don't sleep all the time. Everyone reacts differently. If this med doesn't work for you, I'm sure there is one that will. Wish I would've switched sooner. No side effects at all!
5554	6.0	Was on this med for 5 years. Worked fine but not great. Stopped the panic attacks and gave me relief of every day nervousness that I was experiencing. Took months for the side effects to diminish when I first started taking it. What did not leave - insomnia, night sweats, lack of sex drive and poor orgasms (or no orgasms at all).
5555	10.0	I have had terrible anxiety driven depression my entire life. Effexor is an amazing medication. I waited until I was in my late 30's to do something about my anxiety/depression because of the stigma and fear of taking anything that might make me go crazy (the anxiety talking). I was a fool to wait so long. None of my fears materialized. As soon as I started the medication I began to feel better and better. I was also prescribed Kolozopin to act as a bridge to get through the anxiety until everything began to work and fall into place. Do NOTe wait hoping things will pass! I was convinced I was the worst case scenario and I got better. Just do it and get treated
5556	10.0	Just an FYI.  Not all anxiety medications work for everyone.  This one works amazingly for me but works horribly for a good friend of mine.   She took a test to determine what medication was best for her and was able to find the best match.  If you are on a medication that isn't working don't give up hope, ask to do the test and try something until you find one that works for you.  If your doctor isn't accommodating look for another one.  Cheers.
5557	9.0	I have been taking Effexor XR for about 12 years now. I have spent my life fighting debilitating anxiety and depression. I would have panic attacks, horrible downward spiraling thoughts, extreme negativity, physical symptoms such as shaking, and could even lose touch with reality in severe episodes of depression. No amount of behavioral therapy and monitoring of a diet, exercise, or treatment plan would make a dent in my anxiety. Within weeks of taking Effexor XR, I finally had a chance to understand what it is like to live without terrible anxiety. I haven't really experienced any negative side effects, except perhaps hot flashes and night sweats. Life is finally manageable. I am thankful for every day I have, now, thanks to Effexor.
5558	9.0	I have major depression....was taking Prozac 40 mg a day and it just stopped working for me. I have started Effexor XR 150 mg twice a day with some sleeping pills at night....In such a short amount of time I feel so much better! Life changing better! Depression is horrible and all consuming and pray that every person trying to get help does....and at least for me I have found stimulants of any kind are not good....because the crash or comedown is more than I can handle with my underlying depression.
5559	1.0	I highly suggest people not try this medication. I was only on it for 8 weeks and had horrible memory problems that I am still working through. This medication has caused me to be out of work for going on 7 months now. The doctors keep telling me it not this medication, but I know it is since this is the only anxiety med I took that caused memory problems. The prescribing doctor made no mention of memory loss as a side effect. I am on a special diet now to stimulate my memory, along with going to therapy to get my memory back. Scariest time of my life. I feel like a zombie right now.
5560	10.0	I have been on Effexor XR (now the generic) for 18 years! I suffer with anxiety and panic. I went as high as 150mg and then stayed at 37.5mg for years. When break through panic comes in I up my dosage to 75mg then taper down again. I have tried to go this medication but my panic just comes back. I thank my lucky stars that there was a medication out there to help me with functioning in the world. I am 54 and I plan on staying on this medication until I am 104!
5561	10.0	I cannot describe how life changing this medication has been for me. I've been suffering from anxiety/depression, specifically social anxiety and low self esteem, my whole life. It was at a point where I thought it was normal to be negative, pessimistic, anxious and depressed all the time. I tried EVERYTHING including therapy, exercise, diet and an array of medicines and nothing worked. I nearly developed an addiction to Xanax just trying to combat the anxiety. Prozac, lexapro, Concerta, stratera; Nothing worked. Finally got introduced to Effexor XR. Started on 75mg for 2 months, I wasn't that satisfied. I got put on 150mg for 2 months then. CANNOT BELIEVE THE DIFFERENCE. I'm happy, confident and positive. AMAZING. Long may it last.
5562	10.0	I wanted to leave my experience on here because this drug has changed my life!! I read all the bad experiences people have had and was worried this would happen to me too. Back in December 2016 for some reason I just lost it. Heart racing constant (although most my life I have had heart racing at times...anxiety) panicking over nothing, crying, depressed, lost interest in hanging out with my friends, wanted to just lay in bed all day, expecting the worst to happen, scared to drive anywhere past my town, dreading my husband coming home from work...etc...No logical reason for any of this. My doctor started me out on Zoloft and it helped a little at first. The side effects for Zoloft were awful for me the first week. 7 months in my doctor had me on 100 mg and at that point it felt like it wasn't working at all anymore. In August he switched me to Effexor (generic) The only side effects was an occasional dizzy feeling a couple times the first few days. I literally felt a change by the 2 day. Heart started beating normal, happy, lots of energy, driving everywhere!!! The best part, other then my heart not racing, is wanting to hang out with friends again and talking to complete strangers without sweating and panicking thinking they are judging me!! I did have to raise my dosage to 150 mg because 75 mg was only working half the day. I do hear when you do want to come off of these it is not fun but at this point I hope I never have to.
5563	10.0	I suffer from GAD and I have to say this medication has changed my life.. I am much happier and handle situations better. I only take 37.5 one per day usually in the morning and that works for me. The only side effects was insomnia In the beginning but now I feel calm and relaxed and I have great nights sleep. I wake up energized and wanting to start my day. This medication with therapy has done wonders. Ignore the negative and try for yourself . Reading reviews I was so scared to start this medication but I thank God I gave it a try.
5564	2.0	So, I was a 18 years old perfectly healthy and in good shape, but I was severely depressed and with some emotional issues. So I went to therapy (good decision) but she told that I was supposed to take something for my mood, so I started effexor, and have almost no side effects from it but also didn't really improved my mood, so I went to the highest dosage since I didn't had side effects, and after 8 months on it i just went cold turkey(i know) and basically i had over 100 side effects ever since its been over a year and i still have side effects, i could not sleep for days, i went hypomaniac, and MUCH more to this day i feel pain and numbness in my body and severe coordination and cognitive problems nothing seems to get better.
5565	9.0	"Started effexor after citalopram stopped working for anxiety and depression, been taking it for 3 years, was up to 150mg, tapered down to 37.5mg, slowly over 6 months, mainly because of weight gain, and feeling more calm,

No problems in reducing, but am reluctant to go lower in case of a relapse, has anyone lost weight after reducing the dose, or do you have to come off completely ?


I rate effexor, except for weight gain, and sweating, the only med that has made me function normally,"
5566	9.0	No pill is for everyone, but this medication honestly changed my life. I am 23 and have been on it since I was 17. Before it, I was miserable, couldn't focus, and constantly wanted to die. I struggle with GAD and Depression, and this medication has honestly been the only thing to make it bearable. My life feels manageable, and I know I can conquer anything. I interact with people in a way that represents who I really am, not in a way that reflects my anxieties and insecurities.  I almost didn't finish high school before Effexor and I now have a BA in Political Science and am heading off to law school.  Like I said, this medication isn't for everyone, but it honestly changed my life and I will forever be grateful.
5567	1.0	Do not take this medication! There is NO other medication for depression/anxiety that has withdrawal symptoms that put you in excruciating pain!  You become a person without feelings, almost hard hearted on this medication! Please please have your Dr. try other meds first! I am so angry that I trusted my psychiatrist! I feel betrayed! Thank God I have my general Doctor who is spending more time with me to help me get off of this medication!
5568	9.0	I told myself I'd come back and write a review if I liked Effexor, because people tend to only write reviews if they don't like it, and that's scary for someone who is trying to figure out whether to try it or not. This was the first medication I've tried to treat my chronic GAD. Before Effexor, I was living in a state of constant panic and anxiety. It was really awful, and I felt like I couldn't continue much longer without completely breaking down. I'm now 3 months in, and it has helped so much. I am still myself and I have anxious thoughts, but there is no longer that sense of panic and overwhelming fear. I feel like I did pre-anxiety and its wonderful. Everyone reacts differently, but have hope! Medication can work!
5569	2.0	Stay away from sharp objects!! 2 months on 37.5MG Effexor - feels like my attention is limited to a single train of thought. I can't do more than one thing at once without risking personal injury. Clumsily shredded myself bloody more than ever in my life while on this med. Doors and fridge cut my feet open because I literally cannot pay attention to the fridge door if I'm looking at the contents of fridge or don't see screen door closing on me while carrying something in from outside. Haven't been cooking much but the one time I tried I burned green beans in the pan. It makes me sleep 16h/day. If I get up before 2pm I can't trust myself to drive. 2 close calls were enough. Social anxiety is worse than before. Only 37.5 MG!! Need a change
5570	1.0	I was put on 150 mg daily of Effexor after having a mental breakdown brought on by stress and severe insomnia. I did not find the medication helped at all other then to cause weight gain. Worst of all, I experienced horrific withdrawal symptoms coming off it. I started to wean off it in May, reducing the dose to 75mg/day. I halved it to 37.5mg a month ago and my Dr said I would be good to stop it after two weeks. Within 24 hours of taking my last pill I experienced dizziness, nausea, insomnia, and brain zaps. I could barely function. Turns out the 'half-life' of Effexor is one of the shortest out there. I had to take a short 2 week course of 10 mg Prozac (much longer short life) to come off Effexor. Horrible!!
5571	1.0	This may be an isolated incident, but I only took this medication for 6 weeks and had horrible memory loss. I was unaware that there is a 44% chance of memory loss with this medication. I am trying to work my way back to my old self, who used to have a photographic memory. I highly suggest if you have severe anxiety like I do, do not take this medication.
5572	8.0	I have tried zoloft and cymbalta. All equally effective in my anxiety level but I find effexor has been the best. While I still don't have a ton of energy, I was a zombie on the other two. My libido is back to normal and I'm not hungry 24/7. Zoloft would be my second choice, except I needed to nap everyday and I was always hungry. Cymbalta was very difficult to get off of and I was also very tired. Negative effects of effexor include  insomnia - i have urges where i HAVE to get up- but usually melatonin and reading, and NO electronics before bed help that (or xanax as needed.) I also sweat a lot more on it. But having more energy and more libido make it worth it. I have to take a beta blocker because I speak infront of people.
5573	10.0	I have taken Effexor for twenty-five years. I take 75 milligrams at night. I sleep like a baby even though I am 70 and most women my age have some sleep issues. I actually was diagnosed with adult ADD and prescribed the medication for that. I also had anxiety, a hair trigger anger problem, and no social filter. My psychciatrist didn't tell me all that, just that I had ADD. I could accept meds for that. The Effexor started to work within a week and I would not be without it. I like myself a lot better today than before Effexor.
5574	1.0	I took this pill one day and that was all I needed to, I took it at 5:30 pm and was fine, until I wanted to sleep. I tossed and turned all night, my heart racing, I was literally so tired but my mind just would not shut down. Those things they call brain zaps are terrifying, DO NOT TAKE THIS.
5575	1.0	So here is my experience with Effexor, I hope it helps you make an informed decision.  I started taking it two months ago as a change to the Citalopram I have been on for over 5 years.  I suffer from anxiety.  The first three weeks, improvement in my mood, better temper control also.  Week three, the insomnia kicked in and strange urges to HAVE to get up and move around.  Week four,  Serious shortness of breath on exertion, ringing ears, lip numbness and malaise.  Turns out I was allergic to it!  Doc tool me off it, immediately, then the withdraw began.  OH my G*#.  The worst experience of my life.  Paranoia, hallucinations, panic attacks (my first ever), breathing trouble, the list goes on. If you research the withdraw, it's not worth it!
5576	9.0	I started taking velaflaxine (Effexor) about 2 1/2 weeks ago I started on half of a 75 mg pill and now have moved up to a full pill. At first you experience some side effects like loss of appetite, fast heart beat, hot flashes and a little numbness down below. But everyone is different and everyone reacts differently. After almost three weeks of taking it I already feel relief. My anxiety is getting better and better, and I sleep so much better at night cause I can actually relax for once! I'm looking forward to seeing how much better I feel after two months of taking it. If you are willing to pressure through the rough side effects then the benefits are so worth it!
5577	8.0	Brilliant
5578	3.0	I had been struggling with OCD and anxiety and rage issues for a very long time.  I decided to get help after my daughter was born.  I was put on a myriad of different pills until Effexor.  It calmed me down, and my OCD is almost non-existent.  But miss a dose and you will be sick like you've never felt before!  Think of the worst flu you ever had...it's kinda like that but worse.  And all the anxiety comes back in full force.  It has really helped me to function,  but I would never have gotten on it if I knew how bad it was to get off it.  Try everything else before taking this.  It will help but at what cost?
5579	9.0	"Hi, my name is Jess. I've had anxiety/panic attacks and depression for over 20 years now. My anxiety was so bad I had to be homeschooled. I've taken Prozac, paxil and neither worked and had bad mood swings on paxil. My doctor suggested something newer, it was effexor. He said he has had good results with it. So I tried it, heck I would of tried anything to make my anxiety go away. I was on effexor (75mg) for 10 years and it worked for me. No side effects except being tired at first. No more anxiety/panic attacks or depression but maybe a very few short episodes. I was happy and enjoying things I was held back from for so many years. Effexor changed my life, literally. If I did miss a dose I felt tired, depressed and the ""zaps."""
5580	10.0	I was having bad anxiety for a couple of months.  I was unable to sleep, and was pacing the floors a lot. I got on a low dose of Effexor (37.5mg), and my anxiety disappeared within a week.  I did not have many side affects.  I got a little sweaty the first week, and felt a little foggy.   That went away quickly.
5581	2.0	"So I started Effexor XR tonight for my anxiety that I deal with and let me just say NEVER EVER AGAIN!!

For two hours I felt fine, went to bed and suddenly was awaken by intense nausea so I sat up to wake my child's father(who stayed the night since we didn't know how this new med would affect me) and as soon as I sat up my stomach came up. There was no wait time. It's been five hours since I took it. And I've been up throwing up for the last 45 mins. Not taking this crap again. I would honestly rather have be dealing with a panic attack at this point rather than this I can't even blink my eyes without vomiting crap!"
5582	10.0	In my 25 years of being put on various medications, this is--by far--the best.  I suffered from anxiety and PTSD, which (of course) would lead to depression.  I'd contend with crying spells and outbursts of anger.  The first few days of taking 75 mg/day, I did have some side effects (such as racing thoughts, sleeplessness, etc.), but my body adjusted quickly.  I now wake up every day feeling more hopeful, and with ZERO crying spells.  I am still ME, and never feel like a zombie.  I am still aware of my surroundings and what annoys me, yes, but my RECOVERY from processing those things is much faster, and I bounce right back.  In other words, my perspective of things is normalized, and my days aren't ruined.  Wonderful stuff!
5583	8.0	"I tried Effexor XR after most of the SSRIs I recently tried gave me diarrhea for more than just the initial adjustment period. I tend to be more on the anxious side of life and the SSRIs seemed to treat that better than Effexor, but I cant be in the bathroom all day. 75mg/day works well for me currently. I was on 150mg for a year which worked well, but then suddenly my anxiety and obsessive thinking was coming back.The doc upped dose to 225 and I got way worse, so we lowered it and boom. way better. ""less is more"" worked for me this time. Effexor XR also has less side effects for me regarding fatigue, hunger, weight gain and sexual side effects. as a woman this is a huge perk. mental health- the struggle is real! Good luck!"
5584	1.0	My experience was a waking nightmare... I was started on a low dose to treat anxiety.. It didn't help at all. My DR kept slowly increasing my dose while I suffered from extreme anxiety with no relief.. I had weight gain, night sweats, oddly long menstrual  cycles, cramps, the urge to drink alcohol.  I went to another Dr that said the dose needed to be at least 225 to treat anxiety I was on 125 so he increased dosage. This made the side effects much worse and the weight gain. I didn't care about anything, I wasn't myself. I decided after 20 lb gain to stop and got tapered off. I became extremely ill it was like having the flu everyday for weeks. I've been completely off a few weeks now I have headaches still and extreme anger like rage.
5585	10.0	"I don't normally review anything but this time I thought I thought I should especially considering most people only tell you the negative experiences of a drug. I really didn't know my anxiety was bad until now. I know I had bad ""nerves"" is what I call it and I'm normally on edge and get paranoid about almost everything especially my relationships. I got so used to being anxious that it became normal to the point that I forgot what the other side felt like. Strange but true statement. Effexor has allowed me to handle just about anything thrown at me. Yes I get a little anxious but over all I'm ok. I did have bad gas and a headache but it got better totally worth a try."
5586	7.0	In response to Natalie- why didn't your doctor wean you off this medication? By just  cutting your dose by half-if that's what he/she did here,  no wonder you're experiencing such horrific side effects - speak up! My daughter just started taking this for panic disorder brought about by MIf the RX only comes in capsule form at those two doses- then there needs to be advocacy to change this so there is a way to wean off this med! So many people report negative side effects- withdrawal shouldn't be torture and you might need to find a more compassionate doctor- it astonishes me the lack of empathy some professionals have- considering their career choice- if they can't be compassionate, they should stay AWAY from patients and stick to reearch!
5587	9.0	"This medication has helped me out a lot with depression and ruminative thoghts. It has made me feel less anxious and much happier. I get depressed less and less. I have been on this med for 6 months now and it has helped give me the energy to be happy. Give it a shot! 

Only negative side effect for me has been night sweats. Missing a dose hasn't cause any problems for me."
5588	1.0	Been on effexor xr for approximately 12 years! I regret taking it. Am on 225mg per day, doctor wants me to taper down to 150 per day! It's a damn nightmare I'm on day 2 of being on 150 mg and the withdrawal symptoms are horrible. I feel dizzy nauseous feels like my head is hot feel very tense, very moody, and  short fuse. I could go on.
5589	9.0	I've had unmedicated anxiety all my life which seemed to become worse with as I got older.. Though I lived with it. Also I experienced my first migraine which were followed by almost daily tension headaches. My doctor recommended Effexor. I was very nervous to try after the many things I read googling. I told her I was also concerned about weight gain and sexual dysfunction. I was a newlywed of 40.. Worked hard to loose weight. She still recommended it. In a few weeks I could feel better. I noticed as time went on I was calmer.. I wasn't having 10 thoughts at once. I felt at peace. I started sleeping better. Because I felt better and my mind was clear, I was more patient. Sex was even better. I did not gain weight. a little nausea at first.
5590	8.0	I have been on this medication for over 6 years now, 150 dose although it does help quite a bit if you're forgetful like me and miss a dose you're going to be in a world full of trouble even one day will make you feel sick although I still get panic attacks now and then. I find it does really help.
5591	1.0	"I have Hereditary Depression, Bipolar Type 2, PTSD, High Anxiety, Insomnia, I also had some bad Paranoia issues at the time prescribed because of an insane stalker. I have taken over 50 medication combinations. This by far is the worst drug I have ever taken. I knick named it, ""Effects Her!!!"".
  The medication was hell on Earth for me. I had several bad side effects on this med. The worst being that when I fell asleep my brain created extremely realistic vivid dreams. Also, after sleeping for a few hours, it seemed like very high impact stressful weeks had just gone by in real time. So I had to try to decipher reality upon waking. Needless to say, I lost my job! My Anxiety and Paranoia were worse! Plus it is absolute Hell to come off of!!!"
5592	10.0	I take 75mg daily! Took a good two full weeks to adjust! Will experience weird dreams, insomnia and sweats the first two weeks! Hang in there, for me it was a lifesaver!
5593	5.0	The drug works well. The problem is trying to get off it or if you run out of pills. Numerous blogs are dedicated to the horror stories of detoxing from this Med! Be very careful and do your research before you start taking this drug!!!
5594	3.0	I was prescribed Effexor XR for anxiety while I was home from college over winter break. I took it one day and I felt good but then I couldn't sleep for the following entire next day and then it made me feel completely sick so I didn't take another one the next day because I wanted to be able to fall asleep. 5 days later I tried to take it again to see if I would be able to fall asleep and that time I wasn't able to fall asleep the next two days and I felt extremely sick and like my brain hurt so bad the next day after taking it. Its been over a week now since the second time I took and I feel like I hate my life. I've never been so depressed and anxious. how long will this last? major regret
5595	9.0	This medication has helped me immensely!  I tried Lexapro, but had too many negative side effects.  Effexor took about 6 weeks to fully work, but it really brought me out of the depths of my anxirty fuelled depression.  I finally feel myself after many years of living in the fog.  The side effects for the first 2 weeks for me were: insomnia, increased anxiety/depression, hot flashes, and nausea.  These all disappeared after the initial 2 weeks and it's totally worth getting through that rough patch.  Once Effexor started working I thought, OMG! I'm back!  My body is dependent on it, though.  If I miss a dose, I get dizzy and nauseous.  Just know you must wean yourself off and not go cold turkey so you don't feel sick.
5596	9.0	Hi All, I'm a 26-year-old African American woman and I'm so glad that I found Effexor (Venlafaxine, for me) because it has really helped me manage my anxiety and depression. It's not common to talk about medication in the Black community so if you're reading this and think that the drug might help you - just give it a try! My therapist said that Effexor really tends to help young women. I have been on the drug for 16 months and went from 75 mg to 150mg. I just checked in with my prescribing psychiatrist today and I figured I would take some time to write reviews for people who haven't made the jump to medication. I also use Beating the Blues CBT online tool - it's free at my job! The combination, plus eating healthy and working out, works!
5597	10.0	To Socanxiety. I have been on EffexorXR for over 10 years. (I also have short term memory loss so my doctor put me on Concerta, 36 mgs, which is the lowest dose and it is helping!) I am 59 years old and am happy and less anxious with taking effexor 225 mgs a day. I take 75mg pill before bed and am less anxious when I get up. Then I take the 150mg capsule in the morning. I still have times that I have anticipatory anxiety and use 10 mgs of Valium which helps. I am hoping when we retire and move south that I can lower the Effexor. Great med and I have tried many over the last 20 years!!
5598	1.0	2.5 years after the birth of my child I realized I needed help for PPD/PPA.  My irritability and anger just kept getting worse and I would go days without leaving the house. I was put on Effexor XR 75mg. I only took one dose around 830 PM. I was up all night, jittery, restless, vivid dreams. The following day I was so out of it I feared I couldn't care for my child and had my SO come home. I was incredibly nauseated and jittery with sprqodic muscle spasms, my fingers were shaking a bit and I had heart palpitations. It was awful. Around 6 PM it started to go away but didn't completely until the following day. I will never take this medication again, it was very scary.
5599	9.0	"After dealing with social anxiety every day, avoiding situations, and constantly being tense I decided that medication was the choice for me.
Effexor is the second drug I have tried. This medication has improved my social anxiety in a way that I never thought was possible. I enjoy talking with people and can't believe almost all of my anxiety has vanished. I have read that Effexor can be a slight stimulant, and I do notice this is a big reason I am more talkative and confident.
NEGATIVES: My memory is way worse than it's ever been. I do not concentrate well when people are speaking and retaining the information is difficult. My worries are gone, but so are my thoughts about everything. Feel foggy. No other side effects"
5600	10.0	I tried Paroxetine, Prozac and Celexa and had no positive results so my doctor advised I try Effexor XR given it is a SNRI or different class of drug. Almost immediately &lt; 1 Week I felt a positive mood change, my social anxiety and mild stuttering seem to dissipate and I felt balanced. I have been taking Effexor XR now for almost a month now and my anxiety has dropped right off that I feel my normal self again, I am a lot more social and I stutter hardly ever and I think more logically. The only down sides are that I do sleep more and find it harder getting up in the mornings for work and have noticed fluid retention around my abdomen. I do not mind these small side effects because this drug has really helped me get my life together. :)
5601	9.0	I was on this medication for 2 years and I felt great..no anxiety.. I weaned off over 3 months and have totally been off for 3 month.. All my issues came back. Just started back today fingers crossed it works again. I should have never stopped taking. It was a life changer
5602	3.0	"I was put on this medication for anxiety and depression as I had previously been on lexapro 15mg for 3 years and had consistently had a insatiable appetite. I saw a pyc specialising in perinatal depression as I changed whilst pregnant. I started on 37.5mg of Effexor but needed to constantly increase 75.5mg then 112.5 mg as My biggest complaint on this medication was extreme 
aggression. I would get so angry I doubted my ability to not harm my children. I obviously saw my doc who has taken me off it, withdrawal was ok till back down to 37.5 mg. Please don't take this medication try everything else before this- side effects for withdrawal are awful I've just got off it and switched to Zoloft and 2nd day in already feeling better."
5603	4.0	Was put on a high dose of 375mg and find it overestimulating not good for my anxiety
5604	9.0	Effexor stopped my panic attacks almost completely.  It's also great for post-menopausal hot flashes.  Like others said, you can't miss a dose, but other than that it's amazing.  A total life-changer.
5605	9.0	"Downside of this med is the first few days, it's tough getting in a regular sleeping sync, it can cause nausea without food or with too much water at one time, and you can't go off abruptly or start taking large doses right away because it can have side effects.

However, this medication leaves an unbelievable amount of satisfaction feeling after it takes effect.  It took effect on me instantly, but that's my body.  I take it midday or late morning after a good meal so it doesn't interrupt my sleep as much.  If you don't have slow release, splitting it up might be a good idea, with at least a few hours in between.  It prevents me from overeating, but it also prevents me from starving myself because if I don't eat enough I'll feel nauseated."
5606	10.0	"Started on 37.5mg for a month. First two days were only side effects - I was a little jumpy, couldn't keep legs still, and had insomnia. That went away in 48 hours. Then it shifted to making me sleepy and fairly relaxed. However, I still had breakthrough anxiety crying and didn't feel much change in depression. 

Decided to up the dose and have been at 75mg for a while now. No side effects. This dose has obliterated my anxiety and helped with depression. All I feel is calm and relaxed. I am more outgoing and happy. Only thing I noticed, like so many others, is that it is tough to miss a dose. But, don't let that dissuade you from trying it. It really has been a miracle for me."
5607	10.0	I've been on Effexor for anxiety for about 15 years.  It changed my life.  I tried Wellbutrin first but it made me even more anxiety ridden.  For a brief time I felt like the Effexor was not working as well so I switched to Pristiq.  Pristiq increased my anxiety so after about 6 months I switched back.  Within 3 days I felt almost completely better.
5608	10.0	I have had anxiety and depression for years. Was on all different types of medicines. Even got so badly depressed and anxious that I was bedridden for almost 1 year. I got switched to Effexor and in a few days felt great! I cannot believe I spent all these years in darkness! This is the best medicine ever for me! I am not depressed and zero anxiety! I just wish I would have been on it earlier.
5609	8.0	Not perfect but pretty close. Switched from Paxil(no emotions)-&gt; Wellbutrin(aka severe anorexia)-&gt;Effexor. Basically all medications were pretty decent at anxiety coverage. I found Paxil to be the best without thinking of anything but anxiety attacks. Wellbutrin to be the least effective. Effexor was somewhere in the middle while still letting me enjoy life with an occasional anxiety attack. Since I've been on Effexor I've had maybe 3-4 small anxiety attacks in the span of 2-3 years.
5610	8.0	You have to keep taking this medicine forever. The withdrawl is awful after a day. However, once you find your dose everything is fine. I don't recommend this medicine because its like a marriage with a messy long divorce. Its better to stay on it once youre on it. I am on 150 mg and it works for me. Don't try and go off
5611	10.0	I started having panic attacks at age 10, always been a struggle, then started having really bad bouts of depression.  Things got to stage where I was just so tired of being scared all the time and finding it hard to function. I've been on many antidepressants through the years,   Lexapro I had been in for over 10 years,  phych weaned me off and put me on Effexor.   I actually can't believe this. It's only day 2 On 37.5mg to be increased to 75 next week,  but I swear I feel a calmness I haven't felt before, surely after 2 days I'm thinking this can't be right, but after reading some reviews I can see that others have had relief in a short time from this medicine. No side effects. Just feel calm. Feeling hopeful
5612	9.0	Been on Effexor since July 2014. I take the lower dosage 2x a day as the higher one all at once made me feel sick. I have severe anxiety to the point where i didn't want to leave the house.   I am also on Ativan for moments i know when i panic...way better than Xanax.  I was on Paxil, Wellbutron...neither worked, made me feel like a zombie.  The only drawback with the Effexor is that I am exhausted!!
5613	10.0	This is by far the most effective antidepressant I have EVER taken. I have tried Prozac, Zoloft, and Celexa which all caused numerous unwanted side effects. I have been on Effexor XR for a month and in the beginning the only side effect I experienced was being sleepy. This went away after about a week. I can tell you after just one week my mood lifted and I have zero anxiety. Thank you Effexor XR.
5614	10.0	I have been on Effexor XR for about a year, after switching from Paxil. It is a scary thing to read all these reviews, and question about whether you should or should not take it. I personally started for anxiety, and it has helped tremendously. To me having panic attacks is not a fun task, yes are there side effects but everything you put into your body does. Please try what your doctor recommends before you read all the reviews.
5615	9.0	Update to review below. I have now been on Effexor XR for six months, and I can honestly say that it's worked wonders in eliminating my depression and obsessive thinking. I wasn't able to stay on the low 37.5mg dose, as I discovered that this is a starting dose only. I have been on 150 mg for about four months, and apparently this is the lowest effective dose for achieving a therapeutic effect for most disorders. My depression has gone, and I no longer have obsessive thoughts that were making daily life a living hell. The only drawback with Effexor XR is that it has low half life, which means that it doesn't stay in your system for long, and if you miss a dose you will feel withdrawal within a few hours. This medicine has been a life saver!
5616	9.0	Have been on Effexor xr 75mg for about 1 year now for anxiety &amp; panic attacks. I had a constant odd pain in my stomach (like butterflys and hunger). I would sweat uncontrollably &amp; get dizzy &amp; faint if I was put in a situation I wasn't comfortable with. I went to a Dr. who diagnosed me with anxiety and put me onto Effexor. The first 3 days were hell, every bad review I read on Google I could relate to, I even ended up going to the ER one night as I felt so nauseous and felt like I was losing control and could not stop freaking out. The Dr told me to stick to it, and promised it would get better. I'm so glad I did. I feel that this medication has saved me. I can almost live a normal life again.
5617	9.0	I've suffered severe anxiety/panic attacks my entire life. I've had Xanax, Valium, Prozac and Edronax over the cause of my years. I finally changed doctor, came off everything, to start where I'm at now. I began on 37.5mg over two weeks ago and noticed a difference straight away. Now on 75mg and getting better every single day. My panic attacks could cause me to pass out, so this is a huge leap in health for me. For those concerned about coming off Xanax, it's so worth the effort. I now feel like I'm getting my life back and I'm truly grateful.
5618	8.0	Started taking Venlafaxine ER a year ago for anxiety. Started at 75mg daily and am currently on 150mg per day, and have been for about 8 months. It has helped a ton with the anxiety! While I am not completely clear from anxiety, it is much much better to handle. I did not gain any weight whatsoever. I do notice that if I forget to take it I feel a bit nauseous and lightheaded so I have set an alarm on my phone. I take both 75mg pills at one time so that it's done for the day. All in all, I would recommend!!
5619	8.0	Have suffered from bouts of severe anxiety over the last few years that would leave me bedridden, suicidal, unable to work or eat. Tried Zoloft, Celexa, Lexapro, Cymbalta, Luvox and honestly thought nothing would ever work for me. All made me worse. Psych doctor wanted to try Effexor XR but I was worried about the withdrawing from it - after trying everything else I finally agreed. Has taken a month to feel a difference. I'm enjoying things again, not chewed up by horrible anxiety, I'm actually HAPPY?! 1st month on it was so challenging - very low, anxious, exhausted, nauseous. But now no side effects. I feel like a light's gone on. Like I am getting my life back. I could sob with relief. Truly believed I'd never get better, but here I am.
5620	10.0	I have suffered with major depression my whole adult life. Have been on several types of antidepressants all of which left me feeling like a zombie. The first time I took Effexor I noticed a major swing in my moods it has been a total saviour for me. Two weeks ago I was in bad shape, today a week of Effexor I feel on top of the world . This medication with the help of family friends and councilor had without a doubt totally turned my life around now everything in my life is happy and positive. Without this medication my future would've been bleak to say the least.
5621	3.0	I'm 19 and have suffered with anxiety for three years or so. Previously had been on Prozac and Lexapro which were both hellish. Began taking Effexor XR two months ago and started feeling better two weeks through but out of no where the medication not only ceased to work but actually made my anxiety a lot worse. Have horrible agitation, depression, irritability and insomnia. Pity I could really do with an antidepressant than works!
5622	8.0	Went on Effexor for panic disorder/social anxiety caused by OCD. It was debilitating and the symptoms really affected my ability to go through life. I had been on other meds, which did not do much, so I was genuinely surprised and happy when the Effexor made a noticeable difference in the frequency and severity of my panic attacks. I have a few moments of panic now and then, but nothing as bad as it was. OCD is still there, but does not cause me too much distress or interrupt my life as much as it used to (and Effexor is not meant to treat OCD anyway). The side effect that got me the most was tiredness, so I was put on Wellbutrin to balance that out, and it seems to be working for me. The other side effects are entirely bearable.
5623	8.0	Switched to Effexor XR after having severe anxiety side effects with Prozac 20mg. With Prozac initial side effects, I didn't sleep for days, constant, ceaseless agitation and restlessness, ended up in ER for psych evaluation which has never happened to me before. Doctor switched me to Effexor XR 37.5 mg and on the second day I noticed that after taking the pill in the morning, by the afternoon I was much calmer, almost drowsy, which was an enormous relief after two weeks of severe anxiety. After two weeks on Effexor XR I'm doing much better; much less anxiety and worry. The PM drowsiness has gone too. I hope to stay on the low dose.
5624	10.0	This is the only medicine that totally helps me.  I seldom have to take Alprazolam or Valium with the Effexor.  I tried switching to Cymbalta for nerve pain..what a mistake.  I am back on Effexor. 
5625	9.0	I have been on Effexor XR 75mg for two months now, after previously being on Zoloft and Celexa. The two other medications were not effective for my anxiety and depression, and they tended to make me either tired or foggy regardless of the time of day that I took them. I expected the tiredness to wear off, but the foggy feeling never did. My doctor prescribed Effexor XR, and it has been very effective for both my depression and anxiety symptoms. I am not 100% perfect, and I still have anxiety, but in the appropriate moments. The moments of unreasonable anxiety attacks are fewer and far between since starting the medicine. I had no negative side effects, and I take it every morning at 9am.
5626	9.0	"I have been on Effexor for the past 10 years - I started having panic attacks as a child although I didn't know at the time what was going on - when I was 17 the doctor prescribed Valium that I took periodically when my anxiety got really bad - finally when I was 40 the doctor suggested I go on a very low dosage of Effexor (37.5mg) because he was sure I had generalized anxiety disorder - what a difference this has made in my life - felt""weird"" the first few weeks but now I have very little anxiety and really no side effects except maybe lower libido. I had no idea how much anxiety I had been living with all my life."
5627	1.0	Had horrible side effects, did not sleep for 2 weeks. Developed tics. Felt like I was living a nightmare. Had to be hospitalized. They took me off Effexor. And I started Zoloft. Zoloft worked fantastic . Took Zoloft for a year. Been off meds for 9 years with no problems.
5628	10.0	"I have been on this medication for approximately 3 weeks now.  It is a God send for me.  I noticed results on day 2.  I have had recurring depressive episodes my entire adult life.  This episode I was unable to get out of bed, sleeping up to 14 hours a day, not going into work (thankfully I have a very understanding boss).  I was not suicidal this time, I actually think that I really didn't care enough to do anything about it.  My whole attitude was that, ""I just don't care.""  I have anxiety as well, but the episodes have always been well controlled with 1mg of Ativan.  I had the racing thoughts, inability to concentrate, unable to finish almost any task-if I even got as far to start one.  175mg of Effexor and I can finally function."
5629	10.0	"I was diagnosed with Celiac's disease 3 years ago although I probably had it for about 7 years. My body didn't absorb many nutrients so I had anxiety about everything. I am on high doses of B12 and Vit. D and the doctor
thought I should try Effexor.  I first started on a small dose and then she tried me on 75 mg which is still a small dose. This really works for me. I'm not jittery or have negative thoughts.  I've only been on this for 6 months but everything seems okay."
5630	10.0	I am from Canada, 24 year old female. I have always been a worrier but first experienced anxiety in my 4th year at University 3 years ago, I had a panic attack which then turned into panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Effexor is a GREAT medication for me, my dose was raised way to quickly at the beginning, I went from 75mg to 150mg to 225mg in a month and a half and got horrible Effexor induced anxiety but when my GP realized what was going on she put me back to 75mg and then very slowly put me up to 112.5mg and I have been there for 2 months now and I think it is the perfect dose for me. I don't have intrusive thoughts or panic sensations. Be patient, it's worth it!
5631	10.0	Works well to stop my anxiety.  I can participate in life again and I am doing things that I used to do.   Started with 75 mg started to become more effective at 150 mg.  Some side effects but they are getting better with time.
5632	1.0	This medicine did not work for me. 
5633	8.0	This medication has worked well for me in terms of controlling my anxiety and fear of having a panic attack.  However the side effects I have had to endure are not so pleasant.  I'm always tired and can sleep all day long.  As well, I have gained weight on this medication and trying to lose it is very hard.  It's like my metabolism has stopped working. I've been on this medicine for about 3 years now and considering weening off to try something else.
5634	10.0	"Effexor Saved Me After Many Failed Medicines.  

Current Med Combo- Effexor 75 mg, Lamictal 200 mg, Abilify 5 mg

It saved me from wasting anymore time locked up in my house 24/7 and avoiding conversations, knocks at the door, people, telephone calls, and anything else involving socializing. 

I FINALLY LEAVE MY HOUSE. WILLINGLY and REGULARLY. Daily.  I NO LONGER FEAR APPLYING FOR JOBS. I NO LONGER FEAR THE POSSIBILITY OF HAVING A JOB because I would have to deal with people. I am willing and eager to go out with friends, family, acquaintances, meet new people. 

SIDE EFFECTS- Only Nightmares, which eventually become less and less and then go away after 2 months. Maybe a little unpleasant at first. Definitely bearable.

It's not bad for everyone."
5635	8.0	My doctor prescribed this for my anxiety due to perimenopause, 37 mg.  I was always tired on it so he increased it to 75mg xr.  I'm not as tired as I used to be and I no longer wake with anxiety and can sleep through the night.  My energy level is not as high as it used to be before Effexor.  My appetite has also increased.  I've heard this can be due to a combination of the Effexor and menopause.  If I skip a dose, I get headaches.
5636	10.0	Effexor has been a wonderful and life changing medicine for me. I can also take it with my anticancer medicine Tamoxifen, which I could not do with Zoloft. It's great!
5637	8.0	I have been on Effexor XR for about 3 months now (75mg), and it's done a great job of controlling my anxiety. For the first couple of days, my anxiety skyrocketed, but I supplemented with Ativan to help with that. then on the third day, I woke up and felt totally normal. It does make me a bit tired, but I also sleep better - and I do have very vivid dreams at times (not scary, just vivid). Also makes me a bit apathetic, but it's better than living in a constant state of anxiety.  I'd had bad reactions to Lexapro and Zoloft, so I was happy to find something that worked. I hope to come off someday, but for now, it's giving me what I need.
5638	8.0	I took Effexor XR after I gave up on Lexapro (it didn't work for me, waited for a couple months). I started at 75 mg and 10 days later to 150 mg. I have been at 150 for about 5 months. I feel that I am at a stable point so I don't want to change anything for a while. My doctor said to start weening off but I don't think I'm ready yet. I had gone through a gut wrenching episode in my life that lasted for about 4 intense months of sleepless nights, hot sweats, heart palpitations, heavy chest, lack of concentration, and sadness. I felt as if I was at a doctor every other day trying to figure out what was wrong. My anxieties were so bad that I felt like exploding. Thankfully I waited it out and Effexor has helped.
5639	7.0	I have been on this medication for over 15 years. I can tell you that this is the absolute best medication for panic attacks, the problem is that I never had any panic attacks until I quit taking the pill after a year of use. I was prescribed this when I was 18 after being hospitalized as the result of several traumatic events. I started on 32 mg and eventually was bumped up to 150mg and then 225 mg. I weened off and survived the withdrawals and felt amazing seriously felt like the best moment of my life but about a year after I stopped taking it, the depression came back twice as bad. 
5640	10.0	I love it. It's so much better than the other 2 I tried that made me feel like a zombie and had side effects.  Effexor XR has helped me and still does help me to not have the anxiety/panic attacks that I was experiencing before.  It's the best by far.  I highly recommend Effexor XR for anyone with bad anxiety &amp; panic attacks.  It's absolutely the best.
5641	1.0	I'm 45 years old and have lived a pretty normal life except for my occasional heightened anxiety. Recently, my anxiety and panic attacks had escalated out of control. I was feeling out of touch with reality and having multiple panic attacks a day. Unfortunately for me, after 2 doses the Effexor caused mild hallucinations; light pixelating and things moving in fast motion. It was adding to my anxiety so I went off immediately and the hallucinations went away.
5642	10.0	I am 18 years old and started Effexor 3 months ago for anxiety. It has given me my life back, I used to have a hard time even leaving the house, now I enjoy life. I haven't been this happy in a long time. I don't think I would ever quit taking it. The first week I had the shakes, felt nausea, had headaches and had no appetite. The side effects went away and now I don't have any at all. I am so grateful, its changed my life for the better.
5643	9.0	Overall I love this pill, I have been on 75mg of Effexor for 8 years after being severely depressed and suicidal. I haven't had the same type of mood the whole time. The only downfall to this medication is the side effects, I have found that I have no libido and often very tired. Also if I miss one day I have very bad side effects like a really bad hangover. I am a little afraid of getting off the pill but I would like to try. Overall if you need help with your depression this pill is amazing.
5644	9.0	I have taken this medication for over 4 years and my life has changed dramatically since then. I take 75mg doses 3 times a day and my days are so much better now compared to over 4 years ago when I would have panic attacks and anxiety attacks. I would recommend this to anyone who has depression or anxiety/social anxiety disorders. The only downfall is if you run out of your prescription the withdrawal symptoms can be intense after about 2 days. Make sure your refills are ready and not about to expire because it can cause you a lot of problems such as it has been in my case. Other than that it is a great medication to help you get back to your normal self again.
5645	9.0	I started taking Effexor about a year ago.  It has made an incredible difference to my life.  I was extremely anxious, waking at night in a sweat (possible also the onset of menopause) and struggling to go back to sleep.  I was also depressed and found myself often crying for no reason at all.  I started very slowly, increasing dose every 2 months.  I cannot recommend Effexor enough.  I feel that it has turned my life around.  I did not gain weight at all which was a big concern.  I did feel quite lethargic at first and it took a while to get any sex drive back.  I am still not back to my usual sex drive, and reaching orgasm is harder. I still feel my decision to stay on Effexor has been the right one. Hope this helps.  Good luck.
5646	9.0	I was prescribed Effexor XR for anxiety and it has worked wonderfully. I have NO panic attacks, my constant level of anxiety is gone. However, I think it has worsened my depression slightly. Everyone responds to this medicine differently I guess, and I am more than willing to deal with minor depression if it means my anxiety is gone. This medicine has been great.
5647	10.0	I have found Effexor and therapy to be a fantastic combination. The Effexor alone has kept me from feeling like I'm going to climb the walls. I didn't lose any weight on Effexor. I actually gained some (in part due to my own lack of exercise). I weened off for about a year while I was pregnant. Withdrawals can be rough but not impossible. My advise is to ween VERY slowly. I went from 75 mg daily to 37.5 daily. Then to 37.5 every other day, then every two days, then every three days, etc. until I was taking it once a week then stopped.
5648	1.0	Continual weight gain, sexual disfunction, lack of normal emotions, stomach problems.
5649	6.0	I was on 150mg Effexor XR for about 4 years and it helped me with anxiety and panic attacks. I still had them, but not as often or as extreme. At the same time my doctor also prescribed 0.25mg Xanax for me to take as needed. Just knowing I had them available to help me almost instantly, was more of a panic and anxiety deterrent.
5650	3.0	I have been on Effexor XR 75mg for almost 4 years now. It really has been the best thing for me. I tried almost everything and this has definitely been the best. On the downside if you begin taking Effexor just plan on taking it the rest of your life. Doctors fail to tell you about the withdrawals and horrible discontinuation syndrome. I am pregnant now and having an extremely hard time getting off. 
5651	5.0	I was switched to Effexor XR after 2 years of Paxil. It worked wonderful for about 3 years. I was on 75mg and started to have uncontrollable movement with my one arm. Talked to my doctor who said it was not the medicine. Well after another year I was having the problem in my legs and both arms and could no longer sit or walk without frequent jerking. My doctor finally realized that it was a rare side effect of the medication from long term use and switched me to another. I still have the jerking at least 2 to 3 times a week. If you notice this problem at all you need to talk to your doctor immediately.
5652	9.0	I took Effexor for 10 years and found it highly effective controlling anxiety/panic attacks.  After deciding to stop [with Doctor's approval], I reduced my dosage gradually, and am discontinuing it.  Withdrawal has been rough - like the worst hangover - and I'm into the 5th day but getting better.  However, my mood is still good compared to 10 years ago, and I would like to be medication-free.  Effexor allowed me to control my anxiety/moods through some tough times and through it, I learned new ways to deal with such.  I highly recommend it.
5653	9.0	I have been taking Effexor XR for about 8 years after suffering a serious mental breakdown. This medicine has given me back my life.  Having said that the UK government have recently told all doctors to prescribe the generic version. THERE IS A HUGE DIFFERENCE, I began suffering terrible headaches, and anxiety again. After speaking to my Consultant Psychiatrist I am now back on Effexor with all the nasty symptoms gone. There really is no substitute for the real thing.
5654	6.0	"Effexor XR did it's job in balancing me out. I had a significant anxiety and depression problem. I started out with 75mgs, moved up to 150mgs and tried 300mgs. In the end, I settled with 150mgs. At 300mgs, my dreams at night were very, very vivid and real like. They were too much to deal with. And mentally I felt bogged down. I did too with 150mgs but not as much. I didn't notice much in side effects when I started taking it. However, it is true it does affect your sexual drive and experience. 

The prescription is fine if you have health and prescription insurance. The drug itself for a 30 day supply is about $180. The company does not offer you any helpful programs to try to reduce the cost. The company no longer offers free samples to my doctor so if and when I might need it due to a lack of funds, I can't get it from them.

I'm trying to come off it and have buzzing zaps dominating my head. As time goes on without the medicine the body feels like it's shriveling up and deals with other irritable side effects. During the time of coming off it, you are very irritable. I have followed my doctors orders of dropping the mgs down to 75 for two weeks. And then taking one capsule every other day after that for two weeks. It's the day in between that is awful, if I don't  have one a day. "
5655	1.0	It worked for about a year and then the panic and anxiety came back. Even being weaned off of the drug I had the most horrible side effects, mood swings, 40lb weight gain in only one month to name just a few. I have been off of it now for about 6 months and still experience the brain jolts.  
5656	1.0	I was prescribed this for chronic pain. It did relieve the pain but made me groggy and nauseated, so I did not continue it.
5657	8.0	"I am 26 years old and I have been on Effexor for anxiety.  When first starting the medication I had severe nausea for about 2 weeks but I stuck with it.  Thankfully the nausea went away and now I feel so much better. I feel smarter, more grounded and able to make appropriate decisions.  Before going on Effexor it was like I was always working hyper vigilantly to ensure nothing bad happened.  Now I am able to relax and go with the flow.  The only draw back is the severe withdrawal symptoms of dizziness and ""brain jolts."" I notice these beginning even if I am just a hour late taking my pill."
5658	10.0	"This medication has helped me out very much.  I used to get anxiety attacks often about school or work, a couple times a week but now I rarely get them at all.  I also used to just ""blow up"" in arguments with my wife but now I feel in control of my actions and speech."
5659	10.0	The generic venlafaxine is not comparable to EFFEXOR XR at all . You have to take them 1 every so many hours you have to figure it out to take during your waking hours. Therefore you crash daily and more than once a day. The bad news is my insurance won't pay for the EFFEXOR I have to pay out of pocket for it.
5660	10.0	I can't believe how much this medicine helps.  Something tramatic happened to me last May which made me very anxious and my doctor tried to prescribe this but my insurance company is notorious for turning down any medicine that does not have a generic. Finally in October (after trying many other medicines) I was prescribed Effexor.  Although the underlying issues are still there for me, I am myself again.
5661	9.0	I started taking 75 mg Effexor XR four weeks ago. I used to be extremely manic, impulsive, restless, aggressive, destructive, and all-around volatile. I'm back to being a bubbly, happy, normal twenty-year-old girl. I sleep soundly every night for 8-10 hours and wake to the alarm the first time it goes off (both are firsts in my life). I can concentrate in school, and I have hardly any anxiety. I do tire easily, and I have lost about 20 lb (I was a normal weight to begin with).
5662	10.0	It gave me my life back. I would have panic attacks that lasted for hours, always anxious, work was crippling. After one year no side effects. Now I feel normal, confident - it's something I've waited on for 26 years!
5663	8.0	I went from being to severely depressed and so lethargic I couldn't get out of bed, to taking the lowest dose of Effexor and suddenly having more energy than I knew what to do with. 
5664	9.0	I think this medication works well for anxiety. It only works average for depression.
5665	8.0	"I had great results with gabapentin. I am currently only on one drop a day. I am very sensitive to psychotropic drugs. So I asked for the liquid version. I am going to slowly increase my dose over time. It has lessened my anxiety and helped insomnia. Improved mood also. 
  I’m afraid that some start on a big dose, have a reaction, then disregard the drug. It can be a reaction that your body is getting accustomed to the drug. Not that you cannot tolerate the drug. Obviously this wouldn’t apply to allergic, anaphylactic reactions. 
   This wouldn’t apply for epilepsy bc you need a standard dose. My issue is anxiety. So I don’t absolutely have to have the drug. It helps for anxiety tho."
5666	5.0	I was put on gabapentin as a last resort to my anxiety. I have not been able to function in society. I am a disabled veteran. I am in my second week now, and I am getting worried. I am so tired, but I can't sleep. I am not joking, I haven't slept for days now. I have dipped into extreme depression, and now I have uncontrollable shaking and twitching. I guess this is my entry to this med, and it really hurts. I am in contact about this situation with my med profs. They said it will take time for my body to adjust. For now though, I am very worried, this is not me.
5667	10.0	Fantastic. Felt great and anxiety free the morning after taking it the previous evening.  Loads of energy. Did a lot of things that I previously had not done for a good while. Asked friends if they thought I might be high or euphoric  and they said no.
5668	9.0	"I have anxiety, pretty much generalized, that kicks my butt every couple years. It is bad and if it hangs around long enough I get very depressed. Insomnia too. I recently retired to a more rural coastal community and had to find a new Psychiatrist. I did but waited too long to see him. I was a wreck by the time I walked into his office for the first time. 
Anyway, I had been taking Ativan prescribed by my GP but it wasn’t working much and of course it can cause bounce back anxiety.
My New Doc prescribed Gabapentin. He started me on baby doses of 100mg a day. I am now taking 100mg in am. 100mg mid day and 300mg at night. I feel so much better. I have not been taking any Ativan at all. No side effects except maybe a little euphoric. For sleep he prescribed Remeron which also did the trick and is not habit forming."
5669	1.0	The only thing Gabapentin did for me was make me a zombie. It gave me horrible problems with balance, memory, and blurred vision. I also had a major problem finding words. My old doc refuses to hear it and would yell at me when I mentioned the gabapentin giving me side effects. I mentioned everything to my new doc and he decided to wean me off of the gabapentin and onto Ativan three times daily as well as a supplement called L-Theanine three times daily. The weaning process took about a week (I was taking 600mg gabapentin 3xD). I have never felt calmer, more sane, and more relaxed!! All of this without any balance, vision, or speech problems! Gabapentin is garbage! So glad to be free at last!
5670	8.0	First day on Gabapentin first dose felt awesome. On 100mg 3x a day. Took second doing well! I finally hope and pray my feeling awesome continues.
5671	10.0	I take 200 MG three times a day for Social and Generalized anxiety disorder, along with occasional panic. It works very well. I tried SSRI antidepressants before, but couldn’t handle the side effects. Gabapentin works great!
5672	2.0	I suffer from anxiety and was prescribed this versus my previous medication of Lexapro which didn’t work for me at all. Within two days of taking this new medication gabapentin, I was almost in tears because of how spacey and uncomfortable I was. I was prescribed only 100mg to take once per night. I woke up the next morning feeling extremely spaced out and I felt stoned even though I wasn’t. I couldn’t process my thoughts correctly, I was forgetting how to do simple tasks and even losing short term memory when someone asked me to do job related tasks. I felt my eyes were very sleepy even though I had plenty of rest. While this helped ease my anxiety I noticed I was paranoid and noticed everything around me amplified. I was only on this medication for two days but that’s all I needed to make me realize this wasn’t helping me whatsoever.
5673	1.0	"My Doctor took me off a drug I have used for the last 5 years and put me on Gabapentin.
This is just terrible made me feel worse  as I had all the side affects. Worst mistake ever to be on this if you have depression, anxiety,  can't sleep - this all intensified in me!!!  My Dr  didn't go over any side affects with me at all and my mistake for not asking  - a Big mistake!!! I was just a mess on this medication  I could not stop shaking, every thing got worse!! This is not something I ever want to go though again or see anyone else go though."
5674	10.0	Gabapentin has changed my life! I've suffered from anxiety for over 15 years and have tried everything. I've been to many doctors and tried paxil, effexor, Zoloft, buspar, Attivan, and clonazepam. Antidepressants did not help me at all. The stronger drugs helped at first but my anxiety overwhelmed the drugs unless I was on a high dose and was just out of it. I didn't know what to do until a psychiatrist put me on gabapentin 300mg x3 daily. I can now live and do things almost like a normal person! Not one panic attack since I've started this medication(I was having them 2-3 tines a week.) At first I would get a little dizzy but it went away after a few days. If you are feeling hopeless please ask your doctor to try this medication. I'm so glad I have found it. I believe this drug could help a lot of people with anxiety!!
5675	10.0	It's the only medication that works for me long term. I've had side effects with every medication besides Neurontin.
5676	10.0	"I have SEVERE PTSD from finding my Husband dead. Emergency services worked on him for 45 minutes. 
This left me with severe anxiety, I was on Xanax for over a year.
I've gone on gabapentin for extreme pain in my neck &amp; back.
I just looked up ""gabapentin for anxiety"" because I've noticed that I haven't been panicked at all since I've started taking it. I thought, if this isn't being prescribed for anxiety, it should be. Low &amp; behold, it is. 
My Dr wanted to start me on 300mg 3 times a day, but I asked for the lowest dose due to med sensitivity. I was prescribed 100mg 3 times a day. I've never felt better. I usually don't even take a 3rd pill. Pain I've been dealing w &amp; taking thousands of mgs of other meds to attempt to relieve, is just gone. 
As if that wasn't enough, I'm no longer panicked?
My mind is just blown. I don't know if I'll have negative side effects, but w this level of quality of life being restored, I assume that any side effect may be well worth it.
Miracle drug "
5677	10.0	I  had an addiction problem for over 30yrs and when I finally came to my senses and wanted to stop methadone and subutex, I was prescribed Gabapentin,  I suffer from anxiety, depression and have recently been diagnosed as bipolar.  Over the years I have self medicated with everything and anything.  Taking Gabapentin really has been a miracle for me.  I no longer want illicit drugs, I feel relaxed, motivated and for the first time in many years happy.. I take three 300mg three times a day.  It can cause tummy problems and I generally have to take something once a week or so to stop this..  best medication I have ever had.  May not suit everyone 
5678	3.0	Didn’t do much, if anything, for my anxiety. I didn’t notice any side effects. I took 300mg 3x a day.
5679	10.0	I first took this for nerve pain which worked  awesome but was pleasantly surprised to find  it worked for my anxiety also. About the only drug that ever did anything,  no SSRI's have ever worked for me.
5680	10.0	I started taking Gabapentin five years ago for diabetic neuropathy in my feet.  Within a few days it zapped the shooting pains I experienced from the neuropathy.  Little did I realize the amazing effect it had in stablizing my moods.  It was only when I neglected to refill my script for a week (I'm lazy) that I realized what this med does to stablize my moods.  I fell into an absolute funk and couldn't figure out why until I put 2 +2 together.  Got the refill and the world was right again!  I have an overactive brain, and this med calms things down to a manageable pace.  Won't skip that refill again!
5681	9.0	Absolutely amazing for dealing with Anxiety altogether, but specifically Social Anxiety. Not to mention Depression. I would have given it 10 stars if it didn't have such a quick tolerance factor. After about 3 consecutive days of taking it, it begins. The symptoms of Anxiety began returning slowly each day until you increase dosage. And that increase is way to frequent. The best way to deal with this down side isn't by increasing dosage every time, as that would take no time to reach unsafe dosages, but to not use it daily. If your going to use it for Anxiety purposes only, then only take it on the days your really struggling. Done this way, then it's a miracle drug for controlling Anxiety. Only side affect I experience is increase appetite
5682	9.0	First day taking 300mg finally feel like myself again. After taking Xanax 4mg a day for 5 months, I stopped taking it but suffer from withdraws even after months of not taking Xanax. I’ve been dealing with anxiety but this gabapentin made me finally feel like myself again, like before I even took Xanax. I was full of energy and no anxiety and it’s only first day!
5683	9.0	I'm currently taking 3,000mg/day and feel much better about my anxiety. My side effects are minimal but they're there, so be forewarned. I'd recommend this medication to my family and friends for anxiety. My anxiety was uncontrolled with Xanax, ativan, lunesta/Zoloft, etc. I had tried almost everything, even being hospitalized 5 times. Gabapentin is finally what I needed all along.
5684	9.0	Tried a bunch of different meds for PTSD and none seemed to work except the few hours Xanax may allow you. When I started GABA I was a bit loopy in the beginning and it was a bit weird. After a couple of weeks it went away and my anxiety went way down, it also seems to be most effective for 8-12 hrs. I take one 300 mg in the morning and one in the latter afternoon. I can see why it might not work for everyone as this is the only one that has worked for me. You have to give it a bit of time and at least for me the only side effect is lower anxiety.
5685	7.0	I have had varying success with this drug. On one hand it has been a big help. It was able to flick the switch off and bring me out of a very bad GAD and major depressive episode.  But I wonder about the tolerance and how long it will be effective. I use it basically as an emergency tool when Im spiralling down the rabbit hole.
5686	10.0	Hugely effective for first month. Some tolerance does develop eventually but overall still more effective than anything else I've taken.
5687	4.0	I was on Doxepin 100mgs for a year, which worked incredibly for anxiety and insomnia. However, it caused delayed gastric emptying and never ending weight gain, so I ask my psych if I could try gabapentin due to the reviews here. Have been on 200mg/am and 300mg at night for a month, which is a low dose,  but has done nothing for my anxiety. Psych is starting me on Trazodone (again) for the anxiety but wants me to remain on the gabapentin because it does help with hot flashes, RLS, sleep, and surprisingly, controls my agitation. Dr wants to increase it quickly over the next two months to replace the Trileptal that I've been on several years as a mood stabilizer. I definitely think gabapentin has its place as a mood stabilizer for BP patients.
5688	10.0	This has been the best thing ever for anxiety. I have never been on an anxiety medicine, but my anxiety was getting uncontrollable so my doctor prescribed this. I was a little weary at first, but 3 weeks on this (300 mg/day) has truly changed my life! The little things I used to stress about, I no longer worry about and it also helps with sleep. Wouldn't recommend anything else!
5689	10.0	"This was a miracle for me!  I was taking alprazolam 3-4 times a day for about 4 years. With the crackdown of controlled substances, my PCP decided to wean me off. I have terrible anxiety. SSRI's do not work for me (too many side effects). After reading the reviews of gabapentin, I asked my PCP if we could try this. AMAZING!!! I no longer wake up shaky and anxious, I don't get that ""feeling""  I used to get when the alprazolam wore off, and I sleep better than ever! I take 300 MG 3-4 times daily. This truly is a life saver for me!"
5690	10.0	I went through a benzodiazepine withdrawal back in 2013 and found that a low dose 200 mg of Gabapebtin helped me back then. I was on benozos 30 years and no longer use them for 4 years straight now. I went off all drugs on principal four years ago but after four years and major anxiety and depression I decided to use Gabapentin starting two weeks ago. It was not a easy choice as I realized that once on the drug Gabapentin I would most likely use it for many years as it is not so easy to get off of it and would need tapering. This drug has been amazing and I have not felt this good in years. I will continue to use it and may increase the dose from 600 mg a day to 900 mg a day. It has been alive saver. I highly recommend this drug for anxiety
5691	10.0	Seriously the best for anxiety. I've been through countless SSRI's, buspar, Ativan, xanax, etc and gabapentin has worked better than all those combined for my anxiety and panic attacks.
5692	10.0	After going through some major crisis in my life, my Provider and I tried a few antidepressants to help me cope with severe anxiety.   Zoloft, prozac, effexor, etc.  We also tried some Benzos, but nothing seemed to work until I stumbled upon Gabapentin  (Neurontin).  A low dose seemed to work for me....around 300mg / day.  It changed my life.
5693	10.0	I have been using Gabapentin (300 mg twice daily) for about a month now, and I am very happy with it. I had been plagued by anxiety for most of my life (I'm 47 now), and my anxiety reached intolerable levels in the last year or so due to a very demanding new job. I finally decided I needed some sort of medication, and after trying Wellbutrin (thumbs down), I asked for Gabapentin. This med is doing exactly what I needed it to do: it is reducing my fears, uncontrollable worries, and hair-trigger adrenaline response to almost zero. Those bad feelings are down to like 2 out of 10, and before it was usually like 8 or 9.  Wish I'd started taking it a long time ago!
5694	1.0	I was prescribed gabapentin for anxiety about a month ago. The first day I felt better than I have in a long time, but every day since then has been more hellish than the last. It is a clear day 1 was a fluke. Not only is the drug not working for me, it seems to actually be making me worse. (My husband noticed this as well, it's not in my head.)
5695	5.0	"When I first tried it I thought it helped my anxiety. Could have been a Placebo effect. After three or four days I wasn't sure it worked for me. When it did work, I felt really strange on it. Not a good feeling. I've tried it several more times and again I wasn't sure if it worked or not as I usually become more relaxed in the evening.

I'm glad to see it works for many as it's better to use this then a Benzo that can really mess you up."
5696	4.0	I first started to take Gabapentin as an off-label treatment for severe anxiety and OCD. While it did calm my intrusive thoughts a little, it in turn made me experience insomnia. I tried supplements and natural sleep aids to try to help me get to sleep at night but to no avail. Due to lack of sleep and perhaps the Gabapentin I began to feel depressed so I got off of it. It may work for others but for me it wasn't very effective for anxiety or OCD.
5697	9.0	I've suffered from bouts of severe anxiety since I was 5 years old. I'm 44 now. The Dr put me on Xanax, but that never seemed to do much for me except finally let me sleep for a few hours if I took more than my prescribed dosage. I also have degenerative disc disease in my lower back &amp; was put on Gaba for nerve pain about a year ago. I couldn't believe the effect it had on the anxiety. It's like it snips some internal wire a)&amp; cuts the anxiety off. It's been a life saver for me, literally. HOWEVER, I say this with a warning. Obviously, not everyone gets this effect from Gaba. And, when I tried stopping cold turkey once, the anxiety came back worse than ever - like super bad.  So, it's a long term commitment, be aware.
5698	9.0	"I've tried other drugs to treat my anxiety and depression with no luck. With gabapentin I'm able to function more normally. Gabapentin works for me where other drugs did not.

For me it also improves my ability to multitask. I can concentrate and zone in on the task at hand.

A welcome side effect is that smoking while the gabapentin is active makes me sick... I'm trying to use that as a way to quit. Also I occasionally lose balance and get the munchies, similar to cannabis.

Please hear me... if you need help and have tried other drugs without help, try gabapentin. I still suffer but it provides me with the ability to function. It may also work for you."
5699	5.0	I was just prescribed Gabapentin for anxiety coming off of alcohol. I'm taking Antabuse also, so since booze isn't an option and the doc won't prescribe a bento, I had to try his recommendation. I'm prescribed 2 x 300mg a day. Day 1, an hour after I took my first, felt like I was on a low dose of adderall more than a relaxer. Slight tremble in my hands, very talkative. Day 2, I took the morning dose and a cup of coffee. 2 hours later, I started getting shocks (not brain zaps), but shocks like I felt I might have a seizure. Told the doc, said impossible it's related. Took my evening dose. An hour later, super irritable, trouble walking, very dizzy. Stopped the Med.
5700	9.0	I have pretty severe social anxiety, always have. I have tried a lot of SSRI as well as other drugs over the years. Gabapentin is the only drug that makes me feel at ease. I also take small amounts of Xanax before situations that make me especially nervous. I find that Gabapentin changes my personality somewhat though. I get angry, have paranoid thoughts and tend to believe unrealistic things, and generally care about everything less (which is good and bad). It can be difficult to maintain motivation and concentration to get necessary tasks completed. I have a job in which I have to interact with people a lot and even hold meetings. The positive effects of the gabapentin really make the negative effects tolerable.
5701	8.0	I started Gabapentin 7 days ago taking 200mg twice per day. My GAD is worst in the morning and slowly subsides as the day goes on. I also stopped Valium 7 days ago. After many years of using benzos I decided it was enough as I'm sure it was just making my anxiety worse and certainly wasn't helping. Gabapentin has helped me and I feel a lot better than when I was on Valium. I don't know if I'm getting Valium withdrawal effects since it's only been 1 week or side effects from Gabapentin. Feel some nausea, light headed and my breathing is heavy. Overall better and can manage.
5702	1.0	"When I read all the glowing reviews for this med, my hopes skyrocketed...I thought, finally, I've found the promised land relative to treating my anxiety.  After being on the medication for a week now, I confidently say that I have had zero benefit from gabapentin.

Maybe others had less acute anxiety, but for me, this drug did nothing.  Wanted to share this with those thinking of switching to this med, as my advise is to keep your expectations low so you don't get disappointed."
5703	8.0	I've been using gabapentin for anxiety along with lamictal for bipolar type 2. Before the gabapentin I was on vistaril. I didn't like the way vistaril made me feel during my attacks and gabapentin has made it so much easier to manage throughout the day and even the attacks aren't as bad. I also have PTSD and it's made it a lot easier to function. I take one 100mg capsule three times a day.
5704	10.0	I have had GAD ever since I can remember and I am 31 now. NOTHING and I mean NOTHING helped. My anxiety was so extreme, every minute of every day I was consumed with it. I had severe panic attacks and would sometimes faint. Gabapentin has been life changing for me. I have been on it for 3 months and my GAD is almost gone. I still have panic attacks at night, but this medication has been a miracle for me and I am and would definitely recommend trying it, specially if you are not responsive to 'normal' anxiety medications.
5705	10.0	After going through hell using anti depressants I finally went to a specialist for anxiety. She did a DNA test to see what drugs would best work for me. I take one Clonazepam along with a Gabapentin in the am and then a second Gabapentin in the afternoon. It truly has been a life saver for me when nothing else worked for PSTD/anxiety. No side effects whatsoever. Be very careful with alcohol. Instead of three beers make it one.
5706	7.0	"Very good for anxiety.
reflects many modes of anxiety BUT...
this drug  may give you panic attack and restless leg syndrome
(Which is weird as this drug is used to treat restless leg syndrome)"
5707	1.0	I took 1200 mg of gabapentin for a year for anxiety after stopping  citalopram and diazepam. It had no effect at all. I felt the same before I started it, when I was on it, and after I had stopped it. It didn't even have side effects. It did nothing. I have been on numerous SSRI'S, Seroquel, lithium, Lamictal and benzos for bipolar 2 with episodes of depressive/anxiety. Thankfully, the government disability insurance paid for gabapentin and not me.
5708	10.0	I take 300 mg 3x a day and I feel the best I've felt in 10 years. Nothing has worked to calm my anxiety like Gabapentin including Klonopin or Xanax. I'm happy, relaxed, motivated and most importantly my appetite for alcohol which I used excessively to calm my anxiety has completely disappeared. I hope I can take this medication for forever. Life is finally good again.
5709	9.0	"I had pretty bad anxiety. My Doctor said to take 300mg of Gabapentin three times a day. The first time I took it was at night, before bed. It made me a little drunk feeling or maybe dopey. But, not a bad feeling. Not dizzy, not falling down - no other side effects. Made me a little sleepy to help with my insomnia.

Next day - took 300mg at 9:00 a.m. - no problems, no side effects, nothing. Just anxiety relief. Once in a while I can feel the anxiety after about 6 hours when I need to take another pill.

Started taking 600mg at bed time to help with sleep. The first time I raised the dose, it made me a little more tired and a little tipsy feeling. But only once.

For anxiety, this stuff worked great for me with no side effects!!!"
5710	8.0	I started talking 600 mg three times a day for anxiety. It has done wonders. I used to have really bad anxiety when driving. I no longer have it. I also have really bad social anxiety. Now.... I sometimes can't stop talking to everyone.  lol The only downside is I feel a little weak and sleepy sometimes. Which makes it hard having a toddler.
5711	10.0	"I have been suffering from the anxiety for the past four years. I  have been on Ativan, Xanax, and many SSRI drugs. Nothing helped. As a matter fact, the SSRI drugs made my anxiety worse. Finally a psychiatrist prescribed gabapentin. It has been a miracle for me. I don't have any side effects whatsoever. All of the physical symptoms of anxiety (heart palpitations, shortness of breath, sweating, tiredness) have disappeared. I I also feel more ""even."" I have more patience and I'm not in such a rush to do things. I take three 300 mg pills a day. I am so thankful for finding this drug. I know how hard it is to try different medications and have them not work.  I hope anybody who is suffering from anxiety finally finds a medication that helps."
5712	7.0	After a 4 day hospitalization for anxiety and to reduce prescription drug usage I was disturbed by the zombifying drugs I was prescribed (Trazodone, Abilify, Lithium).  I'd been having a very hard time leaving my house and answering the phone.  I was eventually prescribed Gabapentin while I continued to titrate off of Xanax.  While I've started craving sweets and drinking sodas ( I ate an entire cake in 24 hours) I am feeling much better.  It does not, however, help me sleep.  I try to take my last dose before 6pm.  I experimented last night and took it right before bed and I woke up every couple of hours.  I have unusual reactions to meds and  adjust my expectations and understanding of side effects. This is a helpful drug for anxiety.
5713	9.0	I've had Anxiety since I was a little child 6 yrs old to be exact. So over the years ( I'm 56 now) I've also developed PTSD, OCD Depression And recently agoraphobia..under a former Drs Orders because I'm such a severe case I was prescribed 4mg of xanax and 4mg of Klonopin along with 10/325 hydrocodone 5 times a day for severe neck and back pain from bulging discs causing spinal stenosis all throughout from my neck all the way down to my lumbar spine. Already had spinal fusion at L5S1. I ended up overdosing when he added Percocet. I found a new Dr.and he weaned me safely off of everything and now I'm taking 2400 mg of Gabapentin  it has been a miracle. Best med by far for my Anxiety. Sill need neck surgery but my Anxiety has left the bldg.
5714	1.0	This medication made me really down . It was completely ineffective for my neuropathy. I would highly recommend that no one take this medication.
5715	5.0	This medication was working for my anxiety but never really made it go away. My psychiatrist kept insisting raising dosage since was only taking 200mg at night &amp; 200mg in morning. So I started taking 300mg at night for a week and woke up completely disoriented with the whole room moving, vomiting, falling down. I couldn't even sit anymore or lift head without falling backwards and would throw up in the car (someone had to drive me to doc) All these symptoms are so horrible with anxiety. I lowered dose back to 200mg that day 2 times a day. It's been 5 days and still have symptoms. Be careful with this med. I never had symptoms before the increase.
5716	2.0	So I started taking gaba 2 years ago for anxiety but yet I became more and more of an alcoholic. I did not even know that this medication was for that. Now I went to the doctor and am on other meds and gaba is making me a to talk backwards, forget with in minutes and disoriented . I sleep ill noon and then run into things. My doctor didn't think he should mention this but the pharmacist did. I have a child. Please do your research.
5717	10.0	I have been on gabapentin and prozac for 18 months now and seem to be tolerating it well. I was taking a Effexor before, and having problems. Coming off of Effexor shot my GAD through the roof and I ended up in hospital. Bad scene. They don't prescribe benzodiazepines for long term use anymore, but gabapentin seems to be working, and with less side effects.
5718	9.0	I've been on this medication for about two weeks, I take  150mg twice a day so 300mg a day. At first I slept a lot! but it really does help with my generalized anxiety.
5719	10.0	"I've been suffering from Anxiety, nervousness and depression for the last 6 years. I've taken 150mg Zoloft for 8 weeks and while my depression is OK, my anxiety is still there. I take 125mg Trazadone to help me sleep. I'm tapering down my diazepam (valium) which first helped but  than made me worse.

I just started Gabapentin 3 days ago.The first day I took 100mg and it really relaxed me, even better than any benzo can now. Side effects are blurred vision, dizziness and weakness. Hope these will go away in the next two weeks."
5720	2.0	"I started off on 100mg for anxiety for 6 months now my doctor bumped it up to 600mg a day....
It doesn't work for my aniexty
It works good for my nerve pain in hands, legs, arms....
It's not a good Medicine for anxiety"
5721	6.0	Just started taking gabapentin.  Nervous about taking it .  Have been taking it for one week.  Currently taking 100 mg 2 x daily. Not sure if it is working.  Reassured by positive feedback on this site but part of my problem is fear about taking pills.   How long before you start to feel comfortable with this med?
5722	8.0	For the last 7 years I have had severe anxiety, panic attacks, and insomnia. I was given remeron for sleep and klonopin for anxiety. Recently my pdoc and I decided it's time for me to get off the benzos. She gave me gabapentin and it's been a life saver. I'm doing well at gradually tapering off klonopin. The only drawback I find is that gabapentin wears off rather fast, and your body builds up a tolerance really fast. Been on it for 3 months now. I started at 100mg 3 times a day. Within a month I was up to 300mg 3xdaily and 600mg at night. Currently I am only taking it PRN at 300mg. As someone who has tried every mood stabilizer and anxiety medication  under the sun. Gabapentin is amazing!
5723	10.0	This medication has worked wonders for me..it changed my life I was a the verge of suicide. It brought me out of my shell and now I'm going back to school and doing well..thanks to this medication.
5724	9.0	My doctor put me on this to help with my anxiety symptoms which include tight and sore jaw, tight and sore shoulders and tight and sore stomach. Not only did it take all that away, it helps me to sleep. I used to sleep great and didn't have these anxiety symptoms before my gastric sleeve surgery but ever since, I am developed insomnia and these anxiety symptoms. This has been a life saver for me!
5725	10.0	I'm diagnosed MDD &amp; Bipolar, Type 2, and this is the first medication I've taken that has a significant positive impact on my anxiety without bad side effects. I usually worry, have circular negative thought patterns, and feel awkward and lost in my head most of the day. But I've gone from 300mg to 400mg and now to 600 mg of generic gabapentin, and it works wonderfully. It doesn't make me sleepy, unlike benzos. Like quite a few people, I've abused benzos in the past, but rarely get an urge to take too many gabapentin because of the limited recreational use. In conclusion: in my opinion, gabapentin is a wonder-drug for anxiety; especially for addicts and/or those with bipolar disorder.
5726	10.0	In 2009 I was nearly crippled by severe general anxiety disorder and have taken xanax every single day of my life since. In the past year, through the use of regular yoga and meditation, I have weaned back to 1mg/day. However, I could never really sleep deeply and I could not go a night without xanax. I would basically get no sleep at all. Even with it, I would often wake up at 4am and need to take more. Two months ago I was prescribed duloxetine. I take it at bedtime and it helps, but it never really shut off that buzzing anxiety in the background of my brain. So doc started me on gabapentin and I have been sleeping like a baby and slowly reducing the xanax. It's even helped some with my fibromyalgia.
5727	10.0	Gabapentin saved me from anxiety and I inadvertently weaned off of klonopin while on it. I love it. Improved my quality of life significantly!
5728	1.0	Gabepen has turned me inton a ZOMBIE. I have kidney disease and never should had  been prescribed this medication.
5729	10.0	In a chemical dependancy program, suffered from anxiety and insomnia. Gabapentin saved my life. 300mg, 3X a day. 50mg of seroquel at night for sleep. I finally feel normal for the first time since my early 20's. I am 42.  Best sleep ever, deep sleep, full dreams. Gabapentin made me feel a bit foggy for the first 2 weeks, but after settling in, I function fine, with normal energy and normal reactions to life. It has stabilized my appetite as well, I have actually lost 20 pounds in the past 6 weeks.
5730	8.0	It seems to work for generalized anxiety when taken in large doses twice a day (for me anyway). It does seem to cause weight gain though.
5731	10.0	I think Gabapentin works better than benzodiazepines. I do not like taking benzos because they make me sleep. Gabapentin does relax me believe it or not I don't know about you but it does work for me. Of course for some reason I have to take more than 300 mg for it to relax me but it does work. And it doesn't make me sleepy but it does make me hungry LOL. I prefer Gabapentin or Neurontin over benzodiazepines.
5732	1.0	I WAS GIVEN GABAPENTIN FOR ANXIETY ABOUT  SIX MONTHS AGO AND BEGAN TO HAVE SIDE EFFECTS  VERY SOON. HIGHEST DOSE WAS 300MG THREE TIMES PER DAY.  WAS TAKEN TO HOSPITAL SIX WEEKS AGO WITH SYMPTOMS OF A HEART ATTACK. AN ANGIOGRAM WAS DONE AND RESULTS WERE NEGATIVE BUT THE CHEST AND ARM PAINS EVEN FOOLED THE CARDIO PEOPLE. HEART DOCTOR TOLD ME TO STOP GABEPENTIN IMMED. I have been tapering for five weeks and it has been awful. PLEASE DON'T USE THIS DRUG
5733	10.0	I had a severe traumatic brain injury (TBI) in 2006, since then we have tried multiple medications to control Anger.  Depakote,  Topamax, Klonapin, Zoloft etc etc.   None of them worked .  I have been in rages to where I don't want to be around anyone or talk. It's been 10 years now and I happened to go to a doctor in a small town and told her everything about my anger etc . She prescribed Gabapentin along with Cymbalta and I have felt the greatest change. I go outdoors and hike, fish , feel like I am living again. Still I will have my bad days but this medicine I highly recommend to people who suffer with anger/irritability.   I completely understand that we are all different and medicines work differently and I truly hope the best for you reading this.
5734	9.0	"Quick relieve from anxiety improved mood and more productivity.

Love it."
5735	10.0	So far works better than anything else I've tried for social anxiety
5736	10.0	I have been through many mental health diagnosis and double the amount in meds. I have been officially diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, severe generalized anxiety, situational panic attacks, delayed onset PTSD and a sensory processing disorder. I have tried many many drugs over the years to help with absolutely no luck. Until my therapist recommended gabapentin. Oh my goodness thank that wonderful man. I feel incredible. Absolutely no anxiety. I sleep wonderful at night and have energy during the day. I can tackle most obstacles with out crippling fear and panic. This drug literally saved my life. No real side effects for me which is extra amazing!
5737	7.0	"I am an alcoholic with severe anxiety and depression.  I am prescribed the max dose (1,200 mgs) 3x a day.  I find some relief, but not the same relief I am looking for when I take benzos like Klonopin.  I really only notice the effects of Gabapentin when I am not taking it, because I am a nervous wreck.  During the ""experience"" I might just be numbed to knowing how I feel, and I think this is the point of the medication."
5738	10.0	I'm pretty sure I've been taking it for over a year and it's amazing how much it has helped me handle my anxiety! I used to have suicidal thoughts and panic attacks daily but now I never have suicidal thoughts and I only have panic attacks once in a blue moon during my period. I'm sure my anti depression meds and my birth control are definitely helping but I know that without Gabapentin my anxiety would be a wreck still. Super glad my psychiatrist placed me on it!
5739	10.0	"Gabapentin has really helped me with anxiety. I used to always be thinking of what I had to do while I was busy with something else.  For example, I would worry about what I had to do after work while I was at work.  I would play future scenarios over and over before they even occurred. I would play past experiences over and over.  Some call this rumination.  Much of this has either dropped down to a manageable level or just disappeared with gabapentin. I have never been one much into pharmaceuticals but this one works for me.  I can see that some people love how it works for them, some people despise of it, and others say it doesn't do a thing for them. We are all different and what works for one doesn't work for another, just like diet.
I'm much happier going out and doing ordinary things like shopping, going to the bank, and other ordinary routine tasks.  I easily get bored with ordinary tasks and just want to get them done.  I just wanted to get things over with so that I could take on the next task. Now, I can be more with what I am doing without having to rush through it to get to the next goal. I take my time and stop to talk with people.  It's ok if I'm late for the next task so long as it's not an appointment where others are involved.  The main thing for me is to enjoy people when I go out to a store, or the bank, or wherever!  The gabapentin helps a part of my brain slow down so that I can ""see"" the people in my day.  
It really feels good to go to the gym and not feel tied to a specific exercise routine anymore. I like going in with a goal in mind, but allow for what the body is telling me.  Instead of just checking in at the desk, I'm more likely to spend time saying hello and having patience. So what if it means that I will get home 5 minutes later and eat dinner 5 minutes later, and then get 5 minutes less sleep. Big deal!  I see from writing this that gabapentin helps me to be less obsessive
With gabapentin, it is much easier for me to accept doing a job I am tired of. I've been at the same job for a long job and was getting antsy to move on. There isn't anything bad about the job, but doing anything ""forever"" gets kind of old. Now, I know that soon I will be making a change, but can be""more"" patient until the change happens. If I were completely patient, then the change would never happen. There is still fire to make the change happen. I feel less anxiety about change and welcome it more now. There are times in life when change is good.  I don't feel as dead in my tracks with fearing change. It's  o.k. if I don't figure out ""everything"" today because there is always tomorrow! 
Yes, I am very satisfied with how gabapentin works.  I give it a 10 out of 10."
5740	10.0	I have been battling severe anxiety and PTSD since I was a child. I am 43 years old. I have tried a vast majority of medications only to find out I don't react well  to the majority.  I have recently been hospitalized twice in the last two years due to an allergic reaction to benzodiaphines klonipin and Ativan.  Instead of decreasing my anxiety it increased it to the point I was having suicidal idealisations.  I also ensured extreme memory loss while on the benzodiazapines. My Dr. prescribed me neurotin and I was transformed a metamorphosis occurred I shed the anxiety and the depression and negative thoughts of doom. I have my life back!!  I can live with side effects I love being able to leave my house !!
5741	8.0	I've had bad anxiety since I was a teen (now 38). I was usually prescribed a benzo, their effective yet very addictive. Anyway, I take 800mg of gabapentin 3x daily with Prozac and they work very well together and I'm finally getting used to not having to take benzos anymore. And my sciatica pain is greatly reduced.  God bless.
5742	10.0	So for it help with my anxiety. But with pain I wonder do it help with that.
5743	9.0	I am truly amazed by how well this works for my anxiety. I have PTSD, nightmares and waking up from them would ruin my day I would have flashbacks but ever since I started this new medication  I feel normal which is something I am not used to it is definitely exciting to know that I don't feel anxious to the point of feeling like I can't breathe I feel normal and that is amazing.. I don't even feel that I need my Xanax.  Which is a huge  relief and I am so happy that I finally found a medication that can help with my High anxiety  and PTSD without having to take so many benzo's
5744	10.0	"For years I could not pinpoint what was causing such cripling anxiety, insomnia and issues with focus and low grade mood issues.  Then after doing some family geneaology, I realized I had inherited traits from a side of the family with the Bipolar Disorder.  I quickly started taking Neurontin and within the span of literally 1 (one) day the issues started to resolve almost immediately. 

I can now drive, go out in public, interact with more people, get a great sleep and I have less racing thoughts than ever before.  It has also helped manage and eliminate some nerve pain from a damaged nerve due to lung surgery in 2005. I also take Lamictal for my low grade moods.  I have what is known as Cyclothymia, a unique form of the Bipolar disorder."
5745	8.0	"On Neurontin (300 mg 3x a day) for nerve pain.  It's fascinating to read polar opposite experiences with this drug - depression/anxiety reduction, seizures/anti-seizure, pain/pain reduction etc. Apparently, too tight this will loosen you, too loose this will unravel you. I guess I was ""too tight"", this has been marvellous for reducing pain as well as anxiety.  My only discomfort is that if I don't take it I go into a tailspin within a day or two, very (very) irritable, hyper-anxious and insomniac.  I also find that increasing the dosage is, well, a little TOO pleasant, it makes it tempting to abuse it.  Oh, one thing, I can see why this is called ""GABApentin"", if I take all 900 mg before bedtime I wake up chattering like a monkey.  :)"
5746	10.0	They are amazing took the anxiety away. A little time to get use to them but they really work.
5747	8.0	I use gabapentin to treat my anxiety, tried every other medication, at least 30 over the years I take a very small amount each day one capsule which I open will last 2 weeks, very few side effects great medication.
5748	10.0	Suffered from extreme anxiety and depression for years. Now taking 900mg of gabapentin daily and anxiety has disappeared. Side effects dizziness, unpleasant tasting food but worth it as anxiety is gone.
5749	10.0	"Love it!  Gabapentin seriously altered my life in a good way.  Reached out to old friends, no longer get blitz drunk at social events.  Answer my phone.  Started a business.  I am  networking with peers even!  Just a great little helper in life.  I highly recommend this (under physician direction) if you want something that has little side effects.  Keep in mind you have to alter dose to keep it effective i.e. - lower the intake a few days per week.   Also, watch out on going completely off after using a while - definitely taper and use CBT as you'll kinda notice some negative thoughts.  I sleep great

My dosing = 300mg w/coffee early, 300 more 1 hr later, followed by 300 2hrs and 300 2 hrs later - another 200 if going out for the evening."
5750	1.0	"I was taken off of Alprazolam, cold turkey, and given Gabapentin to help with possible withdrawal.  This was a NIGHTMARE!!! I had taken Gabapentin for a short period of time before, for Carpel Tunnel, but it gave me what I call ""drunk body syndrome"", and I would be off balance, bump into things, etc.  I didn't really have negative effects while taking Gabapentin this time around UNTIL I stopped taking it. No one told me to very veryyyyy gradually ween myself off. I almost immediately went back &amp; forth between having the most severe hot flashes one could even imagine (I mean, I was sweating bullets like a mad woman), cold chills, terrible body aches, flushed face, severe anxiety. It felt like the flu. Called my Dr and went back on Alprazolam."
5751	1.0	Stay away from off label meds.. had anxiety  now suffer random muscle twitching tingling and insomnia. The nightmares when you do sleep definitely dont help the anxiety!
5752	8.0	"I went on this when starting an alcohol cessation program and have been on it for a couple of years. I take 1600 mg a day. I sleep better and have less anxiety because of it, and it does not have any negative side effects for me. 

My doctor has wanted to take me off it because she says it's not supposed to be prescribed for anxiety but I find that when I stop taking it or forget to take it, I have problems dealing with anxiety issues and generally find myself more relaxed and able to cope with the stresses of life."
5753	7.0	"I am not sure yet if it working, but from a scale of 1 to 10, I would have to say ""8"". I have back pain, stress, and anxiety. If this is a cure all for all with out having to resort to Vicodin, bring it on."
5754	10.0	I take 900mg every night night for social and generalized anxiety and 100mg several times per day as needed for breakthrough panic attacks--which isn't very often. I had been prescribed several different SSRIs before for my social anxiety, none of which worked, but Gabapentin was like a miracle for me. It was almost as if someone flipped a switch in my head when I started taking it.
5755	10.0	It has been a godsend anxiety treatment for me, relieving me of what was once crippling anxiety.
5756	10.0	"I had a very severe pain from my upper back to my neck.The pain was extremely severe.My Doctor prescribed Gabapantin 
It works like a champ."
5757	10.0	I was on vistaril, which worked for a while, but stopped working because with my OCD, I am terrified of taking med's that come in capsules.  My doctor finally put me on Gabapentin, and it works like a charm.  The only side effect of note has been dry mouth, which is easily taken care of.  I love this med.
5758	7.0	I am taking this medicine for severe anxiety and worry. I've tried many other medicines with little benefit and my doctor said that gabapentin works well in patients where the traditional SSRI's don't work. She was right. Within THREE DAYS I found significant relief from my symptoms. The only downside is INSOMNIA. Not sure this is even a common side effect but I haven't slept in like five days. Hoping I don't have to get off of the medicine because it is really helping me, but man am I tired.
5759	10.0	It is the only anxiety medication I have found with any legitimate effect for me.
5760	8.0	AS like so many others have posted, I too have had major depression,bi-polar disorder,and anxiety. I've been on every med imaginable for these diagnoses and they all have stopped working. My current regimen is Cymbalta 90mg bid and Zyprexa 5mg @bedtime. I now have been taking gabapentin 400mg tid. (I'm also a recovering opiate addict.) anyways, the gabapentin seems to give me a pleasant type of calmness. I am saying tons of prayers that this is the missing piece for me. I'll try ANYTHING to get my life back. ANYTHING
5761	10.0	"I was prescribed this for nerve pain in neck and back. It has helped with the pain but the unexpected mood enhancement side affect has been very welcome. I didn't realise how much of my time was taken up with negative thoughts and mild depression. I am much more focused and positive. It's like aspects of my personality that had been wittled away by the rigours of daily life have returned. I am also a  performer and have found it very calming.
After experimenting with dosages and working out the trade off between pain relif and drowsiness I found a level. 
My only side affect which I haven't noticed anyone mentioning in the reviews is that I pee more often. But I'm so laid back these days that it doesn't matter lol."
5762	1.0	I've been taking this med for 3 months for severe anxiety. Every night I have a complete mental breakdown for at least the past 2 months while trying to go to sleep. I've slightly lost feeling in parts of my face, my speech is slurred , and I can't think. Before taking this medication I lived a very active lifestyle and now I have no motivation to do anything. I don't even leave my house unless I have to. To top that all off I'm severely depressed . Don't take this medication for anxiety.
5763	1.0	I was prescribed this for Anxiety never should have had such strong medication for that as it controls seizures and brain injurys. My physical health&amp; nerves were fine before this. Nuerontin destroyed the nerves in my hands&amp; feet&amp; gave me Peripheral&amp; Axonal Neuropathy. Ironically its used to treat these nerve conditions but because my nerves were fine before taking it,It did the opposite and destroyed the nerves in my hands&amp; feet destroying my life. Have been disabled 8 yrs for trusting my Dr and the damage is irreversable. Drs shouldn't use patientz as guinea pigs and pharmaceutical companies should not  e allowed to give medication not intended for medical conditions.I have lost 8 yrs of my life due to this medication and am not diabetic.
5764	1.0	I have been taking Gabapentin for about 8 months and I don't feel any benefit from it.  My doctor increased my dosage about 2 months ago and still I find no help in this drug for me.  I am not saying that this drug doesn't work for others, but for me it is a waste.  My friend takes this drug and it works great for her.  I must be medication resistant.  What bothers me is that my doctor continues to tell me to stay on it and I want to gradually wean off it.  My doctor doesn't hear me.  So I will find another doctor who will.  As far as a pain reliever, this drug does not even cover my restless leg syndrome.  Strange.
5765	3.0	I am Rxed this 6/day for neuropathy but on the side for anxiety too. In my opinion, if you have panic attacks, just stick to a benzodiazepine as if you're not taking long term, it's not bad. If you find Gabapentin to work, then take that but usually Gabapentin is given as a regimen for generalized anxiety. I've never had luck with Gabapentin but I would prefer someone take that for chronic anxiety than a benzo. However, don't let the med fool you... It can be a nightmare to get off of this med. Sometimes just as hard as benzo's. If you take this daily to prevent panic attacks but don't have panic attacks daily, I advise against this med. It's easy to build a tolerance too and constantly have to raise the dose. Not too effective.
5766	8.0	Like many of you, I have tried several SNRI's and SSRI's..None work after a certain time period, and nearly all cause weight gain. I am thrilled that I might have actually found a solution to my chronic depression especially given this med is meant more for Bi-polar which is not my diagnosis. I have energy for the first time in years, no weight gain, no increase in appetite! Sleeping great and waking up with energy. I'm almost afraid to write this because I may jinx it but I feel great.. I am only on 200 mg. split up twice a day and I don't need to increase at this point so I'm sticking with this low dose. very happy so far. I hope this review helps other who have struggled with finding a solutions to chronic depression..
5767	10.0	Started Gaba on 8-7-16. I take 900 mg daily (split my dosage.) Remember, Gaba is an off label used for Anxiety &amp; you can't blame it if it doesn't work for anxiety (I find negative reviews for gaba unfair on this site.) I take Prozac 40 mg; but I still have light anxiety, panicky feeling, nausea &amp; mental agitation. I have to use 4 or 5 mg Valium prn to smooth out Prozac can't fix at times. I suggested trying Gaba w/ my psyche; he agreed. 300 mg first wk, 2nd wk 600, &amp; 3rd wk 900. Gaba added has been effective for anxiety. I feel less anxious &amp; mental agitation reduced.At first, Gaba will make you drowsy &amp; weak. My memory is slightly off but if I really focus I am fine.You might feel shaky at the start. Some bad days, be vigorous. Be positive
5768	10.0	I am on meds for depression and they're working. Thank God. Anxiety is an issue,  so my psychiatrist prescribed gabapentin,  300mg. The suggested dosage is one, 4x per day. I don't do that but instead take it when I'm feeling anxious and it works like a charm. Plus it helps me fall and stay asleep. Am hungrier but I can control that. Great medication.
5769	10.0	"Battled a paralyzing anxiety for years.  A friend let me try some of his gabapentin and I never went back!  

Yes there are some weird side effects but u get used to them.

I am a trail runner and motorcycle rider and it never impaired me either way.

My take on it is simple - if u need gabapentin for anxiety it is incredible.

If gabapentin doesn't help your anxiety - it might not be anxiety you havever, I'm no doctor.  Just my opinion."
5770	1.0	"My anxiety &amp; depression were well controlled on cymbalta. I was put on Gabapentin for neuropathy, at first it helped with pain in one spot, then as my dose was increased I began to experience side effects. 
1) Even with taking it at 5 or 6 pm with food I would sleep for 14-17 hours
2)I could not remember things, I could not think straight. My intellect was impaired. I never could build up a tolerance for taking it in the day time.
3) I became depressed &amp; anxious---I feel like I lost weeks of my life I will never get back.
4) I had a creepy crawly sensation in my feet that felt like I was walking on sandpaper.
 I have been an RN for 42 years. I do not do recreational drugs, smoke or abuse narcotics. I drink alcohal once or twice a ye"
5771	2.0	I am not a fan of this med. I started taking it for anxiety and it caused vision changes and major sedation for me even at a low dose. I stayed on it for a few years because did help some with anxiety. I just recently decided to come off of it and to my surprise there are withdrawals. My whole body aches, and I feel sick and have no appetite. I took my last dose a week ago and the withdrawals are still very noticeable. I know some people that have said Neurontin helped them a lot but for me it offered slight anxiety relief, sedated me, caused blurred vision and made me mentally slower.
5772	2.0	I'm so sad reading all these great reviews . I am the odd one out I first time I took gabapentin it was prescribed 300mg 3x daily prn for anxiety and I took one and it helped alottle but not much so I waited about 30 minutes and took another I was on cloud 9 nothing bothered me and I slept like a baby . But my dr told me to take 2before bed and that was too much on my heart and I've never suffered heart problems on my life 600mg had my heart going so slow it hurt and I had to tell myself to breathe. Very scary and even days later I was still suffering complications. I'm too scared to go back to how I originally took it because anything that messes with my heart is a no for me
5773	1.0	I am a very happy confidant nurse practitioner. This drug made me over a time period of less than a week suicidal. Extremely depressed, and uncontrollable crying for no reason. The procedure was elective and my suicidal  symptoms cleared up within 14 hours of discontinuation.
5774	4.0	"I've panic disorder. I've always been a ""treat as necessary"" type of patient  and I do prefer to only take meds as needed. Benzo's have always served me best, but my present pdoc is all about steering patients away from them. So, we started this med 3 mo ago. The only other meds I take regularly are propranolol for high bp, and seroquel on most nights. 
1st week: gabapentin made me feel pleasantly high like a cannaboid might. I was talkative, appetite for food and drink increased, had a notable sense of well being. Since then, the effects (positive and negative) have dropped drastically. I may as well be taking dollar store kava kava for all I can tell."
5775	1.0	I have horrible anxiety from my PTSD, not military related. I have been on nerontin for 2 months for my anxiety. It does not help me at all. Now I am just tired all the time. Which makes my anxiety worse. I have noticed my back pain is better.
5776	2.0	Have been on this medication for about a month 200 mg 3x/day and have felt no effect at all positive or negative.  I have been diagnosed with bipolar disorder and this was supposed to help with mania, but I wonder if I have adhd instead and am being treated for the wrong thing.
5777	8.0	I personally am a heavier person, i have a lot of anxiety and depression on a daily basis and its been this way since i was 14. Im now 18 and i've been using many different prescriptions for my anxiety and depression and i've found benzos work well. But recently I was prescribed gabapentin 300mg 4 times a day and I found that it does affect your coordination taking this much of a dose but amazingly took away all my anxiety without any xanax like I usually take and it worked even better for my depression. I do feel a buzz almost as many users report when they first start, which i don't mind as i work from home and enjoy it but this could be a problem for addiction. Luckily I'm only using it temporarily and not long term.
5778	7.0	"I have to say, it's been working very well for me. I'm more confident and I love being around people way more then before. 

But, sometimes I feel very dizzy and I'm all over the place. I forget everything and I feel kinda lost. I feel like my brain is on slow motion. 

The worst thing is I can't make love anymore. Its really hard to stimulate me and sometimes I can't even ejaculated.

It brought me peace inside but I don't feel things anymore. Never happy, never too sad. I don't enjoy food.

(Sorry for terrible english.)"
5779	9.0	"I've found this drug to be excellent for treating general anxiety and looping thoughts.  My anxiety is now buzzing in the background instead of punching me in the face.  I use neurontin in combination with Wellbutrin and lamictal. Great combo for a possibly bipolar recovering alcoholic :)

The only slight downside is that it pushed my cravings for sugar and carbs through the roof.  I gained a little weight before I realized what was happening and then put myself in check.  Keep an eye out for that one."
5780	10.0	"After being on so many medications for a non clear mental disorder...perhaps bipolar or adhd.. or a mix of everthing 
I was addicted to clonazepam, the worst medication I ever been and I was there for 10 years.
Been also in all depresion medication..
But none worked.
Been in straterra for adhd and was horrible.. didn't work.
Was on Trileptal and it's a so heavy medication.
I found in a high dosis perhaps 1200mg of gabapentin some real relief...
Relief in anxiety and relief in some chronic pains after some surgery s.
Between gabapentin some unisom I found relief.. 
I don't want to touch never again clonazepam or any benzodiazpein.
Be careful with those medications, they destroy you.
Sorry for my English... I'm trying to improve it every day"
5781	9.0	Went on a trial of gabapentin (300 mg 2x daily) about a month ago for anxiety to augment bupropion xl (150mg 1x daily) for anxiety and depression. Bupropion was working to clear up some clouds, but some underlying situational anxiety persisted. Adding gabapentin has been great! Only downside is mild blurred vision and a slight head-fuzz feeling the first couple of days, but that has dissipated. I'm considering asking my doctor for an increase in the gabapentin dose, but overall I feel much improved. I am pleased that these two medications are having a positive effect with minimal side-effects and that I don't have to go on an SSRI.
5782	10.0	This is a miracle drug as far as I'm concerned. I have struggled with depression, addiction and bipolar disorder most of my life. Until Gabapentin I was not living a full life most of the time. Since Gabapentin I have more confidence, energy and able to deal with stress so much better. I also sleep like a baby most of the time. I can't say enough good things about this drug.  It has given me hope and taken away that terrible feeling we all struggle with.
5783	1.0	Awful drug. I was on it for about a year straight and I could never comprehend anything. All though it did take away my anxiety it ruined my Brain. I couldn't retain information I always forgetting and misplacing things. Best thing I did was get off this drug. I swear it made dumb. I can't even remember words sometimes and when I was training at work on this medication I had such a hard time I would forget what was literally just taught to me. Since I been off of it now for about 6 months things have returned back to normal except for my vocabulary and spelling.
5784	10.0	This pill is AMAZING!!!... I took gabapentin today for the 1st time I honestly am not a pill person I take a pain relief pill once in a blue for a headache so I honestly had no idea it even existed much less what it did how it made you feel etc. but I awoke just as depressed as I fell asleep so I took a look at the bottle &amp; said what they hay, an hour later I felt like a million bucks I was back to my old self talking &amp; smiling being productive no stress &amp; anxiety just cool calm &amp; collected So much so my bff made the comment it's great to have you back where have you been girl....
5785	8.0	HI on 100mg of gabapentine ears are starting to feel swollen inside also terrible flatulence which smells like rotton eggs ? been on for 4 days thanks
5786	8.0	Ok,   its funny i found this page because  its perfect for what I want to say.  I'm Diabetic and my foot doc gave me Gabapnetin for the pain  and burning sensation in my feet.   He gave me 300 mg and to take it 3 times daily.    But I admit I now take 1500  mg at one shot in the morning.  ( He said I can take more than what he gave me but he didn't get a chance to give me a new script.   Anyway,   it helps with my feet maybe 65%   or so but  don't care what anyone says   no slurring, no falling a sleep or nodding out etc...)   Its great and EFFECTIVE...
5787	8.0	This medication is hopefully going to replace the clonazapam that I am currently taking. I have only been taking it a week but I have already felt some changes. My mood is happier, my anxiety is relieved. I feel my energy has improved, (sometimes a little too much) I get pretty chatty and when I have a few things to do, I have a tough time concentrating on just one and I find myself kind of bouncing around if that make sense..I have always been that way it seems like the meds have intensified it. I sometimes have a little trouble gathering my thoughts. The dose in the morning  sometimes makes me sleepy so then I just drink like 2 red bulls and a monster and i'm good.;) Totally kidding!!!. I don't  drink caffeine.  Btw, I am taking 300 mg x3
5788	10.0	My Anxiety and panic attacks were so bad I had a hard time leaving the house, I still take Xanax and clonazapan, but with Gabapentin added it really made a difference. Im able to go out and shop with no problems now, first time in years I was able to drive into the big city.
5789	9.0	Helps very well for my generalized anxiety. I take 800mg 3 times per day.  Seems to stabilize my mood. Only side effect is problems with ejaculation.
5790	8.0	I went to a neurologist for nerves...like a live wire that started buzzing in my body 24/7. It wasn't painful, but annoying and concerning since it started up one day and it's been over a year. I'm getting testing done to rule out any physiological issues, but in the meantime, my doctor prescribed me Gabapentin 300 mg, 3x/day. Wow! I love this drug. I'm calmer, happier, and also have an increased sex drive. Works great for anxiety too. Didn't do much for my insomnia. Time seems to stand still though which is strange, but I don't mind. I can tell when I need another dose to calm my 'buzzing' feeling as it wears off after about 4 hours. My appetite was not affected and I did not gain weight.
5791	10.0	I have been taking gabapentin...for awhile now. Me &amp; my husband both. And it works wonders with our depression, anxiety. It also keeps us from craving drugs or alcohol.  It helps with my social anxiety as well. We think its a miracle drug. As far as we're concerned.
5792	9.0	Battled with anxiety and depression for almost 30 years now.  Was on Xanax but got addicted to it and ended up in hospital recently.  Tapered me off the Xanax and gave me Gabapentin 600mgs twice a day.  Started seeing a difference in a few days, amazing.  Works better on my anxiety than any benzo that I have been on.  And I have been on most of them at one point or another.  I wake up in a good mood.  The only drawback that I have is that the morning dose makes me sleepy til about 11an but that is it.  But I am not complaining because I would rather be sleepy than anxious and depressed.
5793	2.0	I was given this medication to treat anxiety and panic attacks. It has not helped me despite increasing the dosage to 900mg a day.  It's always so disappointing when the hope of relief from a new medicine leads nowhere.
5794	10.0	I have suffered from Depression/Anxiety for over 10 years, no medication has worked in the past. I thought I would have to live the rest of my being depressed. I gave up on all medications and at times wished I was dead. I would have to say Gabapentin is my miracle pill. This has truly worked for me I have to say I am happy I took this pill.
5795	10.0	I was prescribed gabapintin for ongoing depression, ptsd, &amp; nerve disruption from disease treatment. Right away I had an amazing soothing of my nerves &amp; happiness in the morning I could not recall ever feeling! It has helped me to recover a quality of life and ability to let go of addictive habits.
5796	10.0	I was given this med for my TN pain, after I went to my dentist and he found nothing wrong with my teeth. That same day, my dentist called my GP and my GP got me in right away. I was sent for facial x-rays to check for sinus infection, nothing, so my GP made several calls and got me into a neurologist, in the mean time he asked her what he could give me for pain since at this point I had lost 10 lbs and was missing work. They put me on Gabapentin and Amitriptyline. It took a couple of days, but wow, when it started to work it was AMAZING for pain relief. They have upped me to 600mg 3 x a day and now at about three everyday I am a little high. But, the best side effect ever has to be that my anxiety, period cramp pain and insomnia are gone!
5797	9.0	I was prescribed gabapentin for back surgery pain, and nerve pain from diabetes...  I'm on the max dose, 1200 mg 3 times a day... All I can say is thank you Load for freeing me up from the opiates!  My mood is great, I sleep well and my pain has diminished by 75%! I am 63 years old, forced to retire due to excessive back pain (3 surgeries, one spinal fusion) and very bad nerve pain in my feet and hands... I've had no side effects and all my doctors (I've had triple bypass also... No heart attack, thank God.. No damage to my heart) have said there is no reason to discontinue using it !
5798	8.0	I have been diagnosed with GAD, Panic Disorder and PTSD. I was having a hard time managing my anxiety with my Zoloft and Xanax only combo so my pdoc prescribed 300 mg Gabapentin 1/day. I did not feel much relief from this dose and it was upped to 300 mg 3/day. It's been 4 months and I have since had to increase to 600 mg 3/day and it's  been really working for me. I do not have many side effects. I can tell if I miss a dose as withdrawal symptoms come rather quickly. I have not gained or lost weight. I am not overly tired and it does not make me feel restless. Overall, this med is working for me and I am glad my pdoc suggested I try it.
5799	1.0	I just started gabapetin a week ago 1100mg2xday didn't notice anything am going to up the dose to 1200mg2xday I also take a benzodiazepine 3xday for anxiety
5800	10.0	I was miserable. .....sad.....nervous! MD recommended neurontin.....it saved my life! 400 mg three times a day!
5801	3.0	Gabapentin has been working wonders for my anxiety and fibromyalgia or maybe it's just because I CANT STAY AWAKE LONG ENOUGH TO FEEL A DAMN THING. I hate the living hell out of this pill I have been trying to tapper off of it for weeks now and I'm in hell. Extreme abdominal pain. Can't actually sleep longer then 2 hours at a time and when I'm awake I feel like death. I can't focus or remember anything at all. This is truly hell
5802	10.0	I am on gabapentin for anxiety 300mg 3x a day I feel great I was on 100mg 3x a day for 2yrs and they just upped it. I feel good again I just get over the tired feeling again but I would tell anyone who try this med works wonders. I didnt know how good was til he upped it I was a mess I couldn't even make work. I'm off next couple weeks so med can adjust but been a week and already feel alot better
5803	10.0	70 yrs old. Have suffered from depression-bipolar since 17. Have been treated with tens of medications to no avail, except lithium for 43 yrs which no longer works. 4 yrs ago I was treated with Gabapentin, which seemed to decrease the depression already after initial dose of 300mg. Increased to 3*300mg to which I reacted well until general anaesthetic in dec 2015 for operation threw me into a deep depression. Any info on effect of anaesthetic on depression and any antidote?
5804	1.0	"My Doctor just prescribed this to me today, 300 mg once a day for 2 days, and then 2 a day for 2 days, and then 3 a day thereafter. 
He said it would make me really tired, as I am also on methadone. But I took the one before I was gonna go to bed, and I cannot sleep at all. I am so anxious and on edge right now.. This medication is definitely not for me...I took it a couple hours ago and I'm thinking about making myself puke because its time release so maybe  it's not all in me yet? That is how bad this anxiety is. 
And since I'm on methadone, I no longer am prescribed Valium. So this really sucks as I don't have anything to take this edge off."
5805	2.0	Anxiety symptoms have worsened as I've titrated from 300 mg to 600 mg a day. Not the right drug for me, I fear.
5806	10.0	I was started on Garbapentin for a herniated cervical disc.  At first I was put on 900 mg, which wasn't really helping so my doctor bumped me up to 1800 mg a day.  I've always been somewhat depressed and anxious... I got a side effect I did not bargain for.  Not only did it help my pain, but my mood has been the best it has in years!  I feel happy!!! Calmer.  I can tell as soon as I miss a dose because my mood changes.  I Hope my doctor lets me take this once my pain is gone.  Usually side effects suck, this medication is not only a pain med but a happy pill.
5807	9.0	"I'm 67 and have had an horrific experience with a dental implant process..its been almost a two year ordeal and still ongoing..
I began having really bad anxiety and depression...this was also aided by the death of my mother and 3 cousins I was close to.  In any case, it got worse and worse..my doctor doesn't believe in diazapam etc which I think it's a personal thing with her. So I'm changing doctors but can't get in till February.  A friend had a big bottle of Gabapentin after his dog died and told me it had a sedative effect. I hadn't slept more that 1-2 hours a night in months.  I took a 300 mg of Gabapentin  at night for 4 nights, since then I have slept through the night!!! This was HUGE for me..I've only taken it for 4 days... And it's like a miracle"
5808	10.0	I have been on gabapentin for two weeks now. I'm on 300mg three times a day. It took about a few days for it to start working. But I have to say that this med works! If I do not take it or if I'm getting close to my next dose. I start to feel depressed. I love taking this. It really does help for headache pain, and mood. I got this for depression. Because i do suffer from depression and anxiety a lot. It seems to help with the depression but not anxiety. If anything it makes me more happier. More calmer and more relaxed. I have gotten dependent on this drug for my mood. It doesn't make me sleepy at all. My body has gotten use to taking it. I don't see myself getting off of this. I enjoy being relaxed and feeling calm.
5809	10.0	I am 40 years old. I have dealt with social anxiety since my teen years. I have been on Wellbutrin XR 150 mg twice daily for several months, which has given me energy, improved mood, and increase sex drive. I started gabapentin a couple weeks ago for pain relief related to a slipped disc impinging nerves in my back, sciatica. I am taking 600 mg tthree times a day. I am amazed!! Social anxiety is gone! First time in my life. I have actually been chatty and social without breaking into a sweat from nerves. Also haven't reached for my when required Ativan at all since starting gabapentin. I couldn't be happier about this accidental discovery. Life changing. Also note that I am a recovering alcoholic. Maybe defective gaba has been the culprit?
5810	10.0	I am a recovering drug addict suffering from severe anxiety. My drug of choice was benzos so clearly I cannot be prescribed those (or any other narcotics). While I was in rehab I was prescribed gabapentin, 300 mg pill three times a day. I was convinced that it wouldn't work because it was a non narcotic but this drug has helped me so much, I feel like I have complete control over my anxiety. However when I miss A dose or two in a day I do have withdrawal symptoms.. as long as I take it as prescribed I feel amazing with almost no side effects.
5811	9.0	I have degenerative disc disease, sciatica, fibromyalgia, a bulging disc and chronic back pain. I have been on gabapentin for almost 3 years now. I also suffer from generalized anxiety disorder and bipolar 1. This medication is a miracle. I feel better in all aspects. It helps with everything. I'm prescribed 600 mg 3 times per day. I use to be on 900 mg 3 times per day. Was too much. I'm in a much better mood my back feels ten times better and my fibro doesn't flare up as much. I would recommend it to anyone who suffers with these conditions.
5812	9.0	Was prescribed this med years ago for anxiety.   I take 300 mg three times per day. morning, noon, and night.The  doctor is about to up the dose a bit because I've been on the same dose for so long, and sometimes I get extra anxious or can't sleep so asked if I could have the option to take an extra when I need it. This medication is amazing... I can't say enough about it to be honest. It has helped me so much live my life without that constant nagging anxiety, social awkwardness, and it helps regulate my moods as well !
5813	1.0	"Ok, Gabapentin worked fine for me for anxiety.
But I was un aware of the ridiculous side effects it comes with. 
I was 160lb male, which I was happy with.
Unexpectedly I kept gaining weight that I was un aware of. 
From 160lbs, now I'm 245lbs!!! That's 85lbs I gained within just 8 months!! I tried to stop taking it for just 1 day, and I went into SEVERE withdrawal. It felt worse than both opiate and benzo withdrawal!! Stay away from this drug!"
5814	9.0	Gabapentin is a miracle worker. While I was suffering with depression and severe anxiety, I was against taking any type of medications to help me however things were starting to get out control. I am very happy with how things are now. My mood swings are finally under control and I am to think clearer than ever before.
5815	10.0	I have GAD stemming from PTSD due to trauma in my past. I've been taking all sorts of medication for it for years, including Klonopin which I did not realize was habit forming until after I started taking it. Then, last year, I switched doctors, and she refuses to prescribe benzos, especially since I had a problem with alcohol abuse. Last month, she prescribed me Neurontin and I thought it wouldn't work, so I put off getting the script filled. But then it got to the point where I couldn't live with the anxiety so I went and got the script filled just to give it a shot and I'm so amazed at the difference it makes. I do not feel anxiety at all anymore and even though it makes me kind of foggy, I can still function. I love this med.
5816	10.0	Gabapentin alleviated my intense anxiety I was suffering 24/7 from peri-menopause. Before being prescribed Gabapentin, I was an emotional wreck.  It has also stabilized my moods.
5817	10.0	Gabapentin has been a miracle drug for me! I first started it 3 years ago for restless leg syndrome (which felt like painful electric shocks deep inside my legs.) It worked perfectly. I took 300 mg an hour before bed. About a year ago, I started having hot flashes (I'm 52) Instead of HRT, my doctor increased my dose to 600 mg a day, in divided doses, and my hot flashes are much better. Then, 6 months ago, I became the target of a bully in the workplace and my anxiety soared! I found it nearly impossible to concentrate and it was increasingly difficult to function at all! After increasing my dose to 600 mg three times a day, I am able to breeze through my work day and I'm no longer intimidated by the bully!  
5818	9.0	I started taking Gabapentin three months ago for bulging disc and nerve pain. I'm currently on 300mg a day. This dosage helps about 90% of the time for pain. But I've always suffered from social anxiety. I noticed after taking Gabapentin for maybe a month or so that my crazy, continuous worries were going away. Now three months in, I feel so bubbly and chatty, and not afraid to talk to people, and I'm not afraid to take part in social activities that used to terrify me. I was reading about Gabapentin online, and when I found out that it's sometime prescribed for anxiety, it hit me: Wow. Since I've been taking this, I've been feeling so much better. This drug is amazing. I feel like now I'm the person I was always supposed to be.
5819	10.0	Where do I begin. My whole life I have had severe anxiety. Later down the road came despression and a mood disorder. My anxiety controlled me. I would have panic attacks more than once a day, terrified to leave my house, scared to talk to friends/family, scared to go to work and anything else you can think of. I've tried, since I was 15; I'm now 22, Xanax,Lorazapam,Clonazapam and Valium to the point where I wouldnt know how many I was taking a day. NOTHING helped!! I had a different doctor see me and her first choice was Gabapentin 300mg, 1 capsule 3 times a day. And thats where the miracle began! My life was changed. Im getting goose bumps now looking back on how much relief I felt and still feel! The world was different. Please try it! (:
5820	8.0	15 years old, severe anxiety.  My Dr. prescribed this medication for me to take on occasion when I needed it.  It worked beautifully, and I could go to dances and loud bars and restaurants again.  Although it did not removed my anxiety completely, it did get rid of at least 90%, and that was enough to get me through these situations.  However, very recently I have noticed that it has stopped working and instead gives me horrible dizziness and lets my anxiety roam free.  I do take another medication for anxiety as well as another for depression.  Anyhow, my gabapentin has been fought off by my body and I am going to have to switch meds again (I was on another medicine that I became immune to 4 months ago and have to switch then).  Sigh.
5821	8.0	I'm 31 and have severe anxiety and problems with my heart racing dangerously fast for no apparent reason. I take a beta-blocker which slows my heart rate, but I still felt really anxious and panicky all the time! I'm also on methadone so my Dr. Would not prescribe me any benzos for my anxiety for fear I would get addicted to them! She tried every kind of antidepressant but none really worked. Just. A few months ago she prescribed me 1x300mg 3x a day of gabapentin, and now my anxiety is completely under control I, feel like I have a new lease on life ,and feel much more comfortable in my own skin.
5822	7.0	In 2013 I had 16 E.R visits, 11 EKG's and 4 times the paramedics came to get me. This was all due to panic disorder/attacks. This started as a child due to abuse but by the time I turned 9 the panic attacks had subsided, but eventually showed back up when I turned about 27 out of no where. I took SEVERAL other meds but this one has helped me greatly! I would like to say that if you are dealing with severe anxiety check to see if you have an iron deficiency also check for heavy metals and toxins. I was severely anemic and had a build of heavy metals. Once I detoxed my body and changed my diet my panic attacks and depression went away! I no longer have to take this med.
5823	10.0	I have to agree with so many people who have given positive reviews  for gabapentin. I take 300 mg four times daily, and I am living in peace and can live comfortably in my skin for the first time in my life. I am much more productive, happy, and things just roll off my back that usually would cause me great anger or disruption. I noticed that I sleep better too. What I  like is that this medication does not drug me up the way so many other medicines that I've tried for anxiety have done. I also take it for severe lower back pain, and it helps a great deal as well. I recommend this to anybody who is thinking of trying it.
5824	10.0	I have been hiv positive for 3 years when I asked my doctor if my hiv meds were actually giving me side effects of anxiety and panic attacks. I am taking truvada and isentress and although I am very happy with my meds, I really noticed that When I started the hiv meds, I become  very anxious and paranoid of negative things happening in my daily life. I talked to my doctor and so he prescribed me a very low dosage of 100 milligrams 4 capsules a day of Gabapentin. I immediately noticed the effects within the first week. I am no longer paranoid, worrysome and anxious all the time. I'm very happy my doctor prescribed me this medicine. :)
5825	10.0	48 Year old, slipped disc last year in bed 14 weeks, managed to avoid surgery with spinal steroid injection (it worked!). Back to the point, was prescribed 3 x 300mg  4 times a day. Always had mood problems, always thought it was simply my genetics and just got on with it (as you do), never had the guts to see the doctor but my mood drastically improved after taking the gabapentin. My back is better now but after a chat with the doc he's kept me on 3x300mg/day. If I forget to take them its back to being miserable. Taking them is the difference between day and night and works almost instantly like a switch. I'm in awe of them, thank you whoever made them.
5826	9.0	I suffered from anxiety and panic attacks since  I was 19 really bad I wss on every benzodiazepine   know to man now I take 800 mg gaba a day for long time my panic disorder is really bad but im telling you the gaba will help  god bless people with panic disorder I know how it feels Susan
5827	10.0	I am 34 years old and have been dealing with anxiety and panic attacks since the age of seven. I was prescribed this medication for severy pinched nerves in my lower back. I immediately noticed a difference in my mood and panic attacks and anxiety disappeared. I see the word with news eyes. It's like being in meditation when awake.
5828	6.0	I am prescribed 600mg 3x a day.. It most definitely helps with my moods, back pain, and I think helps me relax and sleep. But I also take ambient,and clonazepam also at night.I am also an addict,but I do not abuse these 3 meds. I had a problem with pain killers and xanax.which now I take subutek to help with the cravings for these 2 meds. And I will say if you take them like your prescribed then they Will help you.   But of course you need a sponsor and go to meetings.
5829	10.0	I am a 70 yr old woman &amp; have had anxiety &amp; depression my whole life. This medication has changed my life. I took it initially for shingles but noticed immediately that my anxiety was gone so I phoned my psychiatrist (I am bipolar) &amp; asked to be put on it.  He agreed no problem. I take 300 mg 3 times a day. I hope this helps others with anxiety &amp; depression. I am like a new woman!
5830	9.0	"Following surgery for prostate cancer, and 3 months later possibility of duodenal cancer ( biopsy tested negative) however surgery recommended; I was having severe anxiety &amp; panic attacks.
This lasted 3 1/2 years, during which I tried numerous SSRI's &amp; SNRI's all with no effect. In fact it made it worse, e.g. Suicidal ideation, greater bouts of anxiety, headaches, diarrhea. Ativan did help significantly, but all the negativity started to raise my anxiety just taking it. I finally jut took it despite all this negativity. Thankfully, my p Doc continued my prescription and I was able to live a better quality of life. 
I then was asked to try an ""off label""
Medication ... Gabapentin. After 2weeks it did wonders!! Highly recommend!!"
5831	10.0	I have significant anxiety and depression due to PTSD associated with my son being critically ill. I have not been able to live my life for over a year. Fear and panic and sadness has made me a shell of the woman, mom, and wife I once was. I also have reoccurring shingles. I have tried numerous anti anxiety medications with little relief. The gabapentin was prescribed to help with my neuropathic pain (which it has helped significantly), the wonderful side effect has been that my anxiety is almost nonexistant and I am able to live my active life again. I take up to 300 mg up to 3 times a day. I have been taking it more like 200 mg morning and afternoon.
5832	10.0	I've been trough a lot of trauma, lost my family, just had a baby and now looking forward to  a Euro-trip. This drug is a life-saver, after trying a lot. Makes me feel good, lot less anxiety and safe to take it while taking care of my daughter. You found the right one! ;-)
5833	9.0	I suffer from panic attacks that have been occurring for the last four years, the had me on a medication regiment of Xanax, two mgs four times a day and Clonazepam 1mg two times a day, and I in turn became dependant on those. So for the last month I tapered myself off of the Xanax and Clonazepam and was subsequently put on Gapapentin and I have to say I've never felt better. This medication has been the only thing that has helped as much as the better than Benzo's. I must say this medication really is a miracle anxiety drug. Nothing has EVER worked like this and I shoud add I've tryed over 30 medications to stop my severe anxiety, I hope this helps at least one person.
5834	8.0	I have been on Gabapentin for about 2 years. I had severe anxiety and tried Amitriptyline and Citalopram without success. I take 3 x 300mg Gabapentin a day and my anxiety has certainly decreased quite significantly. I still have the occasional 'black cloud' day, but I can honestly say these tablets have definately tsken the edge off it. I sleep better, have not gained weight and do not feel like a zombie. For me, Gabapentin has been a good alternative to usual antidepressants.
5835	9.0	I have been on gabapentin about 2 yrs. I take it with Wellbutrin, since Wellbutrin by itself, just causes too much anxiety for me. It is wonderful, helps the anxiety, and moods, relaxes and calms me, yet doesn't make me real tired. I take 300mg x 3, which is 900 mg a day, and it is perfect, if I need an extra one, I take it, since my script is for 4 a day, and I only take 3. Good stuff. Oh, also, it helps with some of my muscle pain as well. Another thing I've noticed, it decreases my appetite, and I lose weight, my weight stays stable.
5836	9.0	Gabapentin 200mg. definitely helps my anxiety. I know because I stopped taking it and the symptoms came back..I don't have panic attacks but a low level fear of the future, dread, etc..Gabapentin helps a lot.
5837	8.0	I'm 52 years old and felt my life was meaningless, and extremely hard facing everyday routines and now I'm sitting in the garage and feel like I could sit here all day. This is my second day and I feel the best I have in 30 years. Before I couldn't sit here without my mind racing a million times a second and getting up and feeling anxious. I took the day off from work not knowing what my anxiety was going to do, but look forward to going to work tomorrow. So far life is good and I hope this is the miracle drug I've been longing for.
5838	10.0	I have been on Neurontin for a month now.  This medicine was given to me for chronic neck pain from an injury 30 years ago.  I did not mention to the neurologist that I suffered from severe anxiety and panic disorder, I was taking at least 1 dose of Xnax daily for daily panic attacks.  Since starting on neurontin I have only had to take Xanax 1 time, I am not in chronic pain any longer.  This medication has changed my life in so many ways.  My husband told me in tears that he has his wife back.   My work has completely changed around, I love my job again, I love life again, and I am pain free!!!!!!
5839	1.0	"Please don't take this medication. I have anxiety and fibromyalgia and I am prescribed 800 MG three times a day. Due to circumstances beyond my control, I ran out of Neurontin 5 days ago. The withdrawal has been terrible. I know, Neurontin ""doesn't cause withdrawal symptoms"" but it does, and I've read all over the internet that I am not alone. I have quit opiate pain killers cold turkey and over came a severe cocaine addiction in my youth, these things are child's play compared to not having Neurontin. I was sweating, shivering, constipated, and the anxiety made me consider checking into a psych ward and asking them to throw away the key, I cried for hours, I can't express how horrific it was and I read it can last a year!"
5840	10.0	I have been on this medicine for a month. I can't believe how much better I feel. My body is not sore anymore. My shouldes were almost frozen. Now I have total usage of them. It's a miracle drug for me
5841	7.0	I started taking gabapentin in treatment as a mood stabilizer. It was extremely effective at first! However, after about a year, it started making me feel dizzy, disoriented and lightheaded at only 600 mg, so I started to use it for sleep. Now, I take 300 mg paired with my Adderall XR twice a day, and 600 mg at night.
5842	10.0	I love my gabapentin I currently take 800mgs 4 daily I've been taking them for around 4 years... my whole family suffers from anxiety and my mother was the first to take it who recommended me to tell my doc because antidepressant just didn't work for me. So I asked and I'm glad I did.. I watched my whole family also abuse xanax and I refused to go down that road. So I'm perfectly happy with it
5843	10.0	I have been on gabapentin going on almost a year, I have had anxiety all my life, but even more after I became a heroin, and cocaine user. I started taking Neurontin in prison, and these pills have helped me so much, and now I take 1200 in the morning, and 1200 in the evening, and I'm the happiest girl on earth and I've been clean, they help for real, I'm happy to clean, and cook, and spend time with my son. It's non narcotic, and a blessing.
5844	10.0	"I've been dealing with anxiety my entire adult life (I'm 29). Finally, after a long period of unemployment, I was able to get insurance, and began seeing a psychiatrist. Despite complaining about panic attacks, he prescribed Wellbutrin (buproprion) for my depression (which I'm realizing is more likely ADHD-PI, so the doc was at least half right in prescribing the bupropion.). This greatly exacerbated my anxiety, to the point I was having more panic attacks in a week than I was previously having in a month.

With gabapentin 3x100mg daily, as needed, that's no longer the case. My quality of life is much improved."
5845	9.0	Never though of reviewing a med, I do this just for Gabapentin being so great. I've tryed a lot before: Zoloft, Remeron, all types of benzos. I've kept a very bad opinion on them all, especially SSRi's - damn soul and sex killers. Benzos get addictive in the long run. But Gabapentin works like a charm, literally. Takes the edgyness of the days away, most inhibitions and anxiety, gives me the drive to do things and enjoy what i'm doing, I got faithful and... happy (after I almost forgot how it can be constantly felt). FInal note: if taken not too often (like once a week) it can be quite recreational in doses around 1200 mg. I usually take about 600-900 daily, but cut off some times to get the higher reward days later, as tolerance drops.
5846	3.0	I am 25 years old and I have suffered from social anxiety for my whole life. To cope with anxiety I became addicted to opiates. I am now in rehab and my doctor has changed my meds many times. I have been on gabapentin for almost a month I don't feel any changes yet. She says it may take up to a month for this medicine to start working. I am on 300 mg three times a day A long with other antidepressants and Suboxone to treat my opiate addiction. I wish I could get on Xanax because it is the only thing that helps with my anxiety, but because I am an addict my doctor will not prescribe me any medications that I may become addicted to or I should say that give me a high sort of feeling. The only difference is I feel like a zombie.
5847	10.0	I am 43. I started taking Gabapentin for neuropathy in my feet, 500mg a day. It really took the tingly pain away. When I was diagnosed with prostate cancer last year, I stopped it, since I was on so many painkillers I didn't think I needed it. Then I began to experience severe anxiety and hopelessness, racing negative thoughts, I didn't know what to do. I had heard that Gabapentin helped with anxiety, so I went back on it, and it is INCREDIBLE! at 600mg a day, I feel calm, chatty, and able to live in the moment. I'm a little clumsy, but I am SO grateful that Gabapentin has this mood stabilizing effect on me, and it worked the first day back on it. Now I can just live my life without anxiety, and I can take less narcotics now too, yet feel even better!
5848	10.0	Have tried every antidepressant on the planet, not working for anxiety. My doc gave me gabapenton 300mg twice a day, no help. I tried by mistake (long story) 600mg at once and it works! I discovered it works for about 6 hours, so now I take 600mg twice a day. That gets me through the day. I pray it keeps working.
5849	9.0	"Very good medicine. Taking 200 to 300mg daily for anxiety, racing thoughts, poor sleep etc.  Have been on lamotrigine and risperidone for supposed BPD for years. Everything they can't get rid of, gabapentin does.  Never realized there was still so much room for improvement!  One other thing.  For me, MSG or any free glutamate sets off severe anxiety and migraines.  Some of you may have similar problem, so think about your diet too.  
For me gabapentin provides fast relief from a 'meal mistake'.  Benzodiazepines worked pretty well for me, but now that I have this, bye bye. I used to use alcohol more than I should, but now don't feel the need too."
5850	10.0	Just took first dose.  Haven't felt this good in a long time.  Been on many medications.
5851	10.0	I have been on Neurontin for 3 months now for anxiety. I started at 100 mg 3x a day and now at 600 mg 3x a day and very happy with that dose. I very rarely have to take my Vistaril. Before taking this my anxiety got so severe that I actually feared planes crashing on top of me every time I heard one go by. I only experienced mild sedation when I started it and it is gone now. No other side effects. It may not work for everyone, but I would definitely recommend giving it a try to anyone who's doctor recommends it!
5852	4.0	I started off with a relatively low dose of 300mg once a day.  After starting the medication,  I began to pass out regularly and could not see straight.  My anxiety did not change.  I returned to my psychiatrist and he lowered the dosage to 100mg, once a day and although I no longer experience side effects, I still have not noticed any changes to my anxiety and suffer anxiety attacks daily.
5853	9.0	After a hard divorce at a young age I became an addict meds. When I searched for help I found an amazing doctor that I feel cares about my well being not just there to give me meds. One of the medications he had given me was Neurontin(gabapentin) and it has helped not only with my anxiety but I also get horrible sciatic nerve pain ( when I'm sitting for long periods of time and at night when I'm sleeping) it has helped so much. I can take it during the day which helps my anxiety and at night helps me get a good night sleep as well as the nerve pain. I would recommend this medication for anyone struggling with these issues. I hope this helped just one person.
5854	10.0	I am 42 yes old and have had social anxiety my whole life. It's been hard to deal with. I became an addict because I couldn't cope. After serving in the military I went to the VA for help. I was on so many medicines I can't remember them all. Gabapentin has changed my life. Been completely clean for years and no anxiety.
5855	10.0	In one day I felt so much better! No jitters, nervousness and no pain. I used to shake when anxiety was high, so much I hurt everywhere! I now have fibromyalgia with anxiety, but I feel normal! Eating well, maybe to much snacky stuff due to the neuro meds, working out, cleaning the house. I'm back! It's a stoned feeling at first then you get used to it.
5856	9.0	I'm an MST and PTSD survivor and this stuff along with Lyrica restored me in about a week. Medication that affects SSRI cannot even compare when it comes to treating my condition. I feel like myself again! I don't even need alcohol anymore! I'm still depressed but I can finally breathe again without having a panic attack. Highly recommended to those with severe anxiety or Post traumatic stress disorder. The side effects are mundane at best.
5857	10.0	Post Traumatic Stress Disorder survivor! Thriver now! This medicine gave me my life back! Only side effect so far is depression if I come down for too long. DR adjusted my dose and its perfect.
5858	6.0	I've been taking Gabapentin 100MG twice daily for 3 weeks now for generalized anxiety and don't feel much of an improvement. Next time I see my psychiatrist I will ask for an increase in my dosage and maybe that will help.
5859	9.0	I wasn't sure about how anxious I was on a daily basis. I tried to self medicate with nicotine and caffeine but the caffeine just added to my anxiety..I was put on 100mg twice a day as needed. I like this med. My anxiety has decreased by at least 30 to 40%. Just after my first dose. I am going to take gabapentin every 8 hours from now on. That should cover me during the day at evening. That leaves me with 8 hours of sleep in which I don't need the medication. My doc said I can take up to 200mg at a time but I am not sure if I am going to do that. I don't wanna be on such a high dose. Things are slightly better than they were before I took the pill and for now, it's all I need.
5860	10.0	"I have been on Neurontin since 1997 (2500 mg) for generalized anxiety. Just fear of doing anything. I think most reading this get it without me going into great detail. Buspar was not helpful. My psychiatrist was reluctant to use benzodiazepiness because of alcohol abuse issues. I am on mood stabilizing medicines, and antidepressants and had been for 7 years before my ""life saving"". It took me three months to believe the anxiety wouldn't return as a 24/365 nightmare. I didn't know how bad it was until it stopped. "
5861	7.0	I have had to be patient for a while with this pill. I was prescribed at 14 for this medicine and sometimes I would still get anxiety attacks at around 15 it started to help including my weekly therapy appointments. Gabapentin used to sometimes make me jittery if I didn't eat before I took them. I also don't like going a day without them. They have helped now after 2 years of taking them and I'm used to them but the beginning side effects really kicked in for me. I don't think I will be able to stop taking them either. I don't know but for now I will continue going to therapy and taking them.
5862	7.0	"I was hospitalized with severe depression and social anxiety, generalized anxiety and bipolar.

Gabapentin introduced  (300 3x day) with Zoloft and Vistaril (which I had to discontinue as I had severe symptoms)

Helps alot...but I still have difficulty going in public..ever. Also, the teeth grinding is so intense that my teeth are VISIBLY shorter and shorn to the same length.  I also  have jaw pain related, sweating, and very blurred vision. Terrible CONSTANT dry mouth and throat.

Right now, the positives outweigh the negative? But just barely. 

I'm not sure If I will continue this or not.  The improvement in outlook is phenomenal, but I know its not real recovery and the side effects are just short of unbearable."
5863	10.0	"I have taken Neurontin for 5 days now..400 mg 4 times a day. It is like a miracle medicine for me. I was drinking 18-24 beers a day..one 10 mg Valium, lots of coffee and smoking 1 1/2 - 2 Packs of cigarettes a day. Anxiety levels were High. I feel rested, calm, clear headed and No anxiety. It's been 20 years since I have felt this good. I drank a lot and took a lot of nerve pills. I went to rehab for 3 days. Doctor put me on Neurontin 1600 daily. I feel a little sluggish, but that is a lot better than the way I felt a week ago. I have No caffeine, cigarettes, valium or alcohol. I have saved a lot of money now. ($30) a day habit. I do wear a 21 mg patch though.
 Please give this Drug a try. Get the right dosage for you will help a lot."
5864	10.0	In 2012, I was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder from trauma from 9-11-01 events in New York City. I had lived with PTSD for over 10 years unknowingly. Two different doctors put me on anti-depressants because I did not sleep well. All 3 (Zoloft, Amitriptyline, and Trazodone) worsened my mood. I did not have clinical depression; i.e., did not have trouble getting out of bed. A third doctor prescribed gabapentin. I am less reactive, feel more social, and generally more happy. Also, if I wait to take a dose, I can feel the onset of anxiety, unlike in the last 12 years, which is helpful for practicing sensory emotional regulation. With the ability to feel when anxiety sets, I can practice the technique. I hope to be off medication soon.
5865	9.0	I was taking Lamictal and Klonopin for a long time and doing very well on it.   In 2010 I had to have a lumbar disk replacement from an old hockey injury in college.  Sadly I got hooked on pain pills and when I finally stopped I was spending about 5k to 6k a month on pills which indicates how much I was taking.  Since about Xmas of 2013 I have been going through a period of Major Depression and Severe anxiety.  I just kept getting worse and worse and the Klonopin/Lamictal stopped working.  I had a prescription of Gabapentin sitting in my drawer that I had been prescribed but stopped using because it was making me dizzy.  I decided to try it our of desperation and all I can say is wow.  My anxiety has gone from a 10 to a 2 and no side effects.
5866	9.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder and have been on SSRI's and Benzodiazepines. The SSRI's made me manic. Zoloft, Buspar, Paxil...etc. I have been in 2 treatment programs and the hospital for harmful thoughts over the last 5 years. My doctor put me on Gabapentin and seemed to work real well. Then a follow up doc took me off and said I had to take an antidepresseant and Xanax to help me sleep. Huge mistake. Well I went back on the Gabapentin then off again because I thought it was causing a problem but it was really the Xanax. Now, I have been put back on it 300mg 3x a day. I also take a low dose of Remeron and trazodone to help me sleep. I think it is a good medication for anxiety and I hope this time I get good results like I did the first time I was on it.
5867	10.0	"I have never in my 30 years of living been so happy &amp; alive thanks to the gabapentin and lithium my psychiatrist put me on almost 3 months ago. Going back to my inpatient stay in March- I was suicidal because I didn't think there was any other way out of the pain and burden of being anxious 24/7. It paralyzed me. I felt helpless. Now, I go to the gym, play with my son more, preform better at work, and all my relationships are much better. I can actually think to communicate. Also, I don't go from 0 to 60 in 2 seconds anymore. I'm like ""I got this. Just breathe"" I can't even make myself anxious anymore. I've tried. I am on 3000mg a day of Gabapentin (5-600mg pills a day) and 600mg of Lithium (2-300mg pills a day). True Happiness!"
5868	9.0	I was originally prescribed Gabapentin for internal nerve damage due to extensive colon cancer surgery. It has been about 75% effective in relieving this pain. To my surprise, it has also helped in other ways I was never expecting.  I have a pretty laid back personality (I thought) but after taking Gabapentin for pain relief, I began noticing a calming effect overtake me  - just relaxed.  I used to get lots of negative thoughts come to my mind which I would fight off but now I don't even go there!  My husband has really noticed a difference in my upbeat attitude towards life and after a year of radiation, chemo, surgery etc... it is a wonderful surprise to him also! As a side note - I am also sleeping great and wake up refreshed.
5869	10.0	"I have had periodic depression for years, and general anxiety problems as well, lately they had been getting worse.

I cannot tolerate the SSRI anti-depressants, can't even tell any effect when I take Buspar, was taking Clonazepam when things got really bad.

I went back to see a Dr. I have great respect for, had another QEEG, he said I have a ""fast brain"" (Gross CNS hyperarousal).

Started me on 300 mg Gabapentin at bedtime.  Noticed a calming, mellowing effect the first day.

Before I could not stop my mind from racing, from obsessing, and would get almost paralyzed to do anything.

I feel so much better, my mind is calm, depression is lifted, and no side effects other than a very, very slight fogginess.

So far, for me - amazing."
5870	10.0	"When my doctor first prescribed gabapentin, normally a seizure medicine, for my anxiety, I was a little confused. She explained to me that if you look at 2 brain scans, one patient with seizures, and one with anxiety, the damage in their brain is very similar.

Within a week, I was able to feel a dramatic difference with my anxiety. Within a month, I truly felt ""normal"" again. I LOVE what this medication does for me, and it's made a huge impact on my daily life. 

I take one 300mg tablet in the morning, and two at night, and I have a very mild twitch that it's also helped to relieve as an extra plus."
5871	6.0	I took Gabapentin for the usual depression/anxiety combination. It helped my anxiety SO much and I was a new person on it. The only reason I had to go off of it was because I have Interstitial Cystitis and the Gabapentin acted as a bladder irritant to my condition. Other than it worsened my interstitial cystitis, this medication was pretty flawless.
5872	8.0	I was prescribed Gabapentin for anxiety/depression, after trying amitryptylline and citalopram, both of which did not work. My dose was 300mg Gabapentin 3x a day, however, this dose was causing me to have really achey joints so I stopped taking the evening one and now have one when I get up, and one at lunchtime. I can really feel the effects of the morning one, as, an hour after taking it I feel a little light headed and drunk, but very focused and determined. I am also sleeping better as my head isn't full of worries when I go to sleep like it used to be. Gabapentin does not make you feel sluggish and zombie-like like other meds, in fact I find them to be the opposite - I get loads done in a day which also helps me sleep.
5873	10.0	Best anti-anxiety medicine yet.
5874	10.0	Gabapentin has been a life saver for me. I have suffered from dysthemia and anxiety for my entire 47 years of existence. I've been on every medicine they could toss at me over the years but nothing helped with my symptoms. Then I had back surgery for a discotomy on L5 on my spine. I had severe leg pain and the sciatica pain was very intense. The doctor prescribed gabapentin for residual nerve pain in my left foot. Without gabapentin my foot feels like its on fire but I also discovered how different I was beginning to feel with my depression and anxiety....I felt alive for the first time in decades. I kid you not, it is a wonderful and my doctor has been recording my progress on it with my depression and anxiety. Great medicine.
5875	6.0	I was on gabapentin when I was younger around age 16 to 18 and I remembered it must had worked pretty well because I stayed on for a little while. So fast forward almost ten years and I started seeing doctor again due to social anxiety and asked if I could try gabapentin. I started low 100mg at night which actually did help me sleep and felt calming effect but I did notice a little twitchy, but all in all it was ok the problem was the next day my anxiety seemed a lot worse I even tried couple more nights and same thing always happened. I'd have physical effect of anxiety, pounding heart, etc. I am also on methadone so I don't know if this why this medication made me have such bad anxiety next day but everyone is different.
5876	10.0	I suffer from generalzed anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, and panic disorder. I have been on Neurontin for about three months. At first I was on 300mg/day, and now am on 600mg/day. My doctor wants to ultimately get me up to 900mg/day. This medicine works great. It keeps me on a calm and even keel, plus eliminates some of my physical anxiety symptoms. The only side effect I experienced was some slight clumsiness at first, which disappeared after a few days. I also take Tenormin and Prozac.
5877	6.0	I just started Gabapentin 300mg Feb 28th and am titrating down of off Lexapro. It started making my anxiety go through the roof. I am also on Buspar, Lamictal and Zoloft. I suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and am in recovery x5 years from Alcoholism. Without medication my life is unmanageable. So far I feel great, not sure if its because I am lowering my Lexapro and will be off this Friday. Or if it's the Gabapentin. I am hoping this works.
5878	10.0	I have had panic attacks since I was four, I am 33 now. I was an alcoholic four 10 years cause I was on a high dose of Xanax and I got hooked then my doctor put me on Klonopin because it is a longer lasting medicine. I then got put on gabapentin 400mg three times a day and it has been a blessing. It helped me get rid of Klonopin and now I am panic attack free.
5879	10.0	"I am 47 with such an exhausting history of anxiety that had led me to self medicate with alcohol, until finally finding the correct medical doctor.
Doctors in the past have been writing me scrips that have been making me crazier  and crazier, just adding to my problem. Now I am alcohol free with no panic attacks, I have no problems being by myself and keeping occupied with work and fun things to do. I sleep like a baby all through the night. It's wonderful."
5880	10.0	I have just recently started taking this medicine and my anxiety has vanished. I have even tried to make myself anxious and it will not happen. I am satisfied so far. 
5881	10.0	Until I was fifty I dealt with life, and fear the best I could. Going through catholic school in the sixties was pure hell. But I leaned to deal with generalized anxiety disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder the best I could. I become a perfectionist resulting in what others would call a very successful life. At fifty my wife divorced me throwing me into a ten year spin of uncontrollable anxiety. After trying almost every pill made, I tried Gabapentin after one morning and one at lunch. I felt better for the first time in ten years. I have taken for nine months and most of the time I feel better than I have ever felt. A control calm I have never felt. I hope it continues to work.
5882	10.0	I was started on Neurontin for hot flashes. I am also diagnosed with anxiety and depression. Not only are my hot flashes gone but so is my anxiety! This medicine has been a miracle for me. I have suffered with anxiety almost all of my life and this is the first medication that actually takes away anxiety. It gives me the sense of relaxation and calmness. It's also not addictive.
5883	7.0	Doses over 2700mg daily completely got rid of the anxiety but gave me severe abdominal cramp.
5884	10.0	I started 300mg 2x daily for depression and anxiety last Wednesday. All I can say is wow. This stuff is great. I'm back to jogging and daily activities along with my outpatient therapy. This is 5 days removed from suicidal thoughts and almost a 72 hour hold. My doctor is weening me off Valium but I really don't need it but says I have to take it as I ate my whole months script of 60 in 5 days so I'll do what she says. My thoughts and prayers are with all who suffer and if possible give this a try.
5885	9.0	"I have been on 300mg/day for 14 months. Before, the anxiety was so bad, I seemed to get ""set off"" quite easily. Now I am relaxed. It gives this feeling, like ""okay, whatever, I can handle this."" My doctor said I could take more of it if I felt I needed it, but I haven't"
5886	10.0	"I originally took massive handfuls of this drug for epilepsy over a month a decade or so ago. It was ineffective, but I noticed while I took it the side effect of being happy, sociable, and chatty. Along with other stuff at the massive doses.

So fast forward a decade or two, and had unexpected nasty negative life events and became suicidal. Ended up in a psych ward, and I asked for gabapentin. 

Started taking a pill morning and evening and the overwhelming suicidal thoughts vanished, the daily crying spells vanished, the intense negative emotion state vanished. Feel calm, cheerful, and happy. My blood pressure went from ultrastress 180/120 with pulse 150 to 120/80 pulse 90. It calms me down and helps me cope when I was feeling overwhelmed"
5887	10.0	"I've  even taking gabapentin for three years. From the get-go I have felt the benefits of this medicine. I usually take 300mg morning and evening.  If I have a ""crowded"" situation, I sometimes use it at lunch time as well.  I have done well on this. I know that isn't for everyone.  But this is the medicine that has come along and freed
me from anxiety. A true liberator with no dopey side effects."
5888	9.0	Thank God for this medication! After a few major life changes I recently went through I developed an anxiety disorder on top of frequent panic attacks. After trying a few medicines my PCP put me on a Xanax regimen. BAD IDEA! Within 2 1/2 months I was up to 4-5mg/day! I got sick of it and went to a Psychiatric Nurse Practitioner. After being appalled that I was prescribed that much Xanax she put me on a Gabapentin regimen. 100mg 3x's a day for one week, then 200mg 3x's a day for my second week. Then a follow up. I just started my second week and I'm already taking less than half of the Xanax I was needing. She said within a month I'll be off the Xanax. I feel great all day. I don't even feel like I need the Xanax.
5889	10.0	I am an addict in recovery and after a year of being clean I got a terrible anxiety disorder. Within two days I felt normal again this so far has helped a ton.
5890	8.0	I have taken many medications for anxiety and depression. This works just like Klonopin for me right now. It takes the weight off your chest and removes my mental anxiety and even some of my physical side effects. I'm currently on 300mg a day and it's enough to calm me down and take the edge off. Great medication.
5891	9.0	This is my first day on Gapapentin for anxiety, and I have experienced truly amazing results!  I am free of anxiety and work, and excessive thinking has greatly diminished.  I am thinking clearly, and there are no apparent side affects.  I began to feel the calming effect with 20 minutes of so.  I hope that I will continue to receive this therapeutic effect on such a low dose, and do not build up a tolerance.
5892	1.0	I was taking 300 mgs 3 x daily. The drunk, dizziness, overall sick feeling was just to much. Took for 3 weeks. The doc then lowered my dose to 100 2x a.m. and noon and 300 5 p.m. I was still getting that drunk feeling on it two weeks. Somewhat helped with anxiety but not like all the good reviews I'm reading. (I'm jealous) :)  developed severe rash and went to the doc and blood pressure was 170/92. I have always had great blood pressure. Doc said stop and stop now, call your psych. and let him know. Don't know what else to try. So may ssri's make me sick as I am allergic. Sucks, I know the anxiety and depression will be back soon and just don't know which way to turn???
5893	10.0	"I can't tolerate SSRI's.  I've tried them all.  This is the only medicine that works for me.  It takes care of my depression and my anxiety.  1800 mg/day

I've heard that a new drug is being tested and will be available in 2016 that targets the glutamate in the brain.  People are getting significant relief with it in just a few days.  Until then, its Gabapentin."
5894	9.0	After 20 years of every SSRIs for depression and generalized anxiety disorder I have found that Gabapentin is the only medicine that has really helped the anxiety with the exception of Thioridizane (now withdrawn in UK). At first Seroquel seemed to help but 3 months now on Gabapentin and significantly better. Still haven't found the ideal dose (now about 2400 a day) but initial side effects have worn off. My family say that since coming off Seroquel my personality has returned to what it used to be years ago. Give it a good try, and good luck. If you post on here I do think it helps if you mention dosage (and body weight 224lbs).
5895	9.0	I have been experiencing severe anxiety and depression as the result of a job loss and this medication has been amazing. I was unable to function until I began taking this medication.  It has truly been very helpful and has helped to lower my anxiety and depression.
5896	9.0	I have struggled with social phobia, anxiety and depression for as long as I can remember. 6 months ago my psychiatrist prescribed Neurontin and I can say that my life has completely changed. I feel like a new person, I feel no side effects and the best part is that it works immediately and can be taken when needed. For someone like me this is a miracle.
5897	10.0	"This is my miracle. I was put on it in Germany and had to go off it until I had insurance again. I suffer from depression and anxiety. Often I would find myself stuck in a daydream world because of all the things going on in my life, including my partner of years (15-25). I would have no energy and just feel so low. Finally I had insurance and was put on 1800mg a day. I feel so much better. I feel like I can handle life and set goals for myself. I don't feel anxiety. I don't sit here and think of the negative and focus on a positive life. I am more fun and interactive with my son. 

It literately saved my life. I don't know why."
5898	9.0	"Started taking gabapentin about 18 months ago for depression and anxiety. Almost immediately my symptoms were alleviated. No side effects, and it still works. I take 3600 mg/day, split either in two or three doses. For an acute attack of anxiety I will take an additional 600 or 1200 mg as needed, and that will almost always do the trick. I agree with those that call this a ""miracle""."
5899	10.0	On it for 5 days and feel like a different person. I'm actually happy for the 1st time in years! Take Celexa and trazodone also but call this my miracle pill. Just hope it keeps working.
5900	10.0	I've been taking gabapentin for a year for severe anxiety social anxiety and it has been wonderful. I'm a very worrisome person so when I take this medicine I feel more at ease without feeling sedated. I find it funny my Dr said they don't generally use this medicine for anxiety but it works for me and apparently a lot more people then she made it seem. 
5901	9.0	Almost no negative side effects, aside from strange and vivid dreams; although I enjoy them and they aren't nightmares. Gabapentin helps me stay at ease when I'm alone. My anxiety used to be bad, even when I was just sitting there but with this, it's gone. I take two 300mg pills each day. However, I still feel anxiety in social settings such as school but it makes life a lot easier, even though its not a 100% fix.
5902	10.0	I have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder and Generalized Anxiety Disorder (Before my traumatic event, I was already an anxious person). Neurontin calms me like Klonopin, but helps me focus instead of sedating me. I take 300mg 4x a day, so it doesn't make me tired. It makes me very talkative, which is strange. I talk to random people sometimes, which is unlike me. 
5903	10.0	I also take it for nerve pain and restless leg syndrome and I would not take anything else. A week after starting this my restless legs symptoms stopped and my anxiety has all but gone, after a year and a half on it.
5904	8.0	I have severe anxiety and have been taking Gabapentin for a week, gradually building up to 3 x 300mg a day. Within an hour of taking it I notice a heady, slightly drunk sensation and feel a little 'high', but this passes and I'm finding my thoughts are more organized, I have more energy and I can get more things done. Because I'm more active during the day, I am sleeping better and longer at night. My heart is no longer continually racing, and my chest pains have diminished. Another good thing is that these tablets do not make you feel desensitized, or like a zombie. All in all I would say these are definitely working for me.
5905	9.0	I just started this medication yesterday. I am taking it for anxiety, insomnia, neuropathy .I was relying heavily on benzodiazapines to curb extreme, constant anxiety accompanied by constant low- level pain. It's been 24 hours and so far it's like a miracle. I don't feel the need for Klonopin or ibuprofen. If it stays like this, I'll be very happy.
5906	5.0	600 mg three times a day. I was taking Gabapentin for 3 years but I stopped it because it has too many side effects, including numbness on my whole body, weight gain is a major fact, more headache than usual, sleepy, tired, active but with a tingling sensation on my tongue and so on, depression when I didn't take it, intolerable, anxiety, sweats, withdrawal symptoms, but it does help with pain and many things but the consequences of it are horrible. Memory loss is another fact, definitely, is a very dangerous medication.
5907	8.0	I have had problems with severe anxiety for years..I tried to self medicate with so many things. I use this with Benadryl and love how calm I feel!
5908	10.0	My psychiatrist started me on Gabapentin for anxiety almost a year ago and it's been a lifesaver. I had no idea how prevalent my anxiety had become until the Gabapentin somehow calmed it down. The constant bouncing of my legs, the tapping of my fingers, the repetitive rhythmic stuff going on in my head and body and the crippling anxiety all just calmed down or went away. I started at 100mg 3x a day and have now settled into a very comfortable 300mg 3x a day. A little drowsiness at first but my body has adjusted and now I feel no side-effects at all. When I wake up in the morning and the Gabapentin is out of my system I'm immediately aware of the anxiety again but it quickly goes away once I take my morning dose.
5909	8.0	I have generalized anxiety disorder and Panic Disorder going on ten years now. I've been on Zoloft the entire time. I had a bad relapse of symptoms this year while on Zoloft. I bumped it up to 200 mg and began taking Gabapentin 300mg/day. I've been doing better, but I'm still working on getting my confidence up after this recent relapse.  Last week I started having anxiety symptoms for a couple of days, so I bumped the Gabapentin to 600mg/day. My anxiety is now better so far. I've noticed a side effect on this dose that I didn't get on the 300 mg... I've had spells of depression the past few days. I think those will pass as my body becomes used to the new dose. Depression is listed as a possible side effect. I just hope this medicine doesn't poop out on me.
5910	10.0	After decades of battling post traumatic stress disorder and anxiety, I finally have found a medication that helps to calm the revved feeling I constantly battle.  It is not complete gone, but I feel as if I can breathe again.  The tightness in my chest has reduced and my upper back no longer hurts because I can relax my shoulders.  It is as if someone has loosened their grip on a rubber band!  Best of all, self-help techniques, like relaxation, now work!!  Gabapentin has helped me to feel like I have a fighting chance against anxiety.
5911	10.0	I've had anxiety for a years, and panic a lot. I lost my job and partner in the same week (2 weeks before Xmas). Took my first tablet 4 hours ago and already I can think straight, concentrate, and I'm not up tight! Clearheaded.
5912	10.0	"I have very bad post traumatic stress disorder with severe anxiety. As for a back story for the medicines I've tried: all SSRIs, two MAOIs, and one tricyclic antidepressants to try to calm the anxiety and bad dreams, all did nothing but either make me a zombie or made me suicidal with severe panic attacks.  Now on to benzodiazepines:  Xanax, Kolonopin, and Valium, the first and last were not strong enough for me and being a 5'6"" and 110lb woman, I could not get an increase in dosage because I was too small for that.  I was also on Buspar which did nothing but make me have fits of rage and very severe panic attacks.   
Now what I'm on: Ativan 2mg 3x a day and gabapentin 300mg 3x a day
How I feel:  my anxiety is nearly gone. I can only hope that it stays this way."
5913	3.0	The first four days it left me in a daze, but with the more time that passed the less it seemed to affect/help me.
5914	10.0	At the beginning of the year, I was diagnosed this medicine for headaches, not anxiety. I did not even tell my doctor about my anxiety since I was used to dealing with it for years on my own. After only a few doses, my headaches were controlled and even better my anxiety was gone! I felt better than I have in years and had control of my life again! I only take a few doses around my menstrual cycle because that's when the worst headaches occur. I will still feel anxiety in certain situations but not in every day life. I'm not a big fan of any pills but I signed up for this site to share my experience with this medicine and hope it works for others as well!
5915	10.0	"Gabapentin has been a God send for me. I have taken several of the benzos for my anxiety and I have a very negative opinion of them. Gabapentin removes my anxiety and allows me to be completely alert and focused at work. It allows me to be friendly and outgoing but at the same time calm. I have tons of energy everyday and sleep really well at night. I started taking gabapentin for nerve damage in my left arm about 2 years ago. Immediately I noticed it to be an extremely effective medication for worry and anxiety. I believe it to be a perfect medication for me. I never want to stop taking it. Makes me feel ""normal""."
5916	10.0	"Neurontin has changed my life dramatically. I suffered from high anxiety with panic and anxiety attacks. I started this medicine at about 19 and had been off and on it the past 13 years. It literally has made me a new person. When I don't use it I notice a lot of fatigue, worry, anxiety, etc. When I am using this medication, I can concentrate on the better side of things and am not so negative. In the beginning it did have some side effects such as a ""loopy"" feeling. Over time that did pass, and now gives me energy to get through the day. I am on 300mg 3 x day. I can also sleep much easier, and my carpal tunnel syndrome is dramatically better. Before I felt very snappy and impatient, now I handle things with a much more calm disposition. Love it."
5917	9.0	My life has been very difficult to say the least. I was severely abused as a child, have borderline, a mood disorder, became an addict and alcoholic (clean now for 3.5 year), have insomnia and have issues with codependency and in general have an overactive and negative thinking pattern. Since 2005 I have been on and off numerous medicines and in therapy. I went on gabapentin a little over a month ago. It has controlled my anxiety wonderfully so far. I take 600 mg of Seroquel to sleep and Effexor at 150 mg for my depression. The Seroquel works wonders with sleep but the Effexor isn't too good. Gabapentin has allowed me to do things I could only dream about and is a wonderful addition to my regime of spirituality, exercise, AA and work. It calms me.
5918	2.0	I guess it helps with the anxiety. It affects my memory horribly, I can't think of simple words, I miss exits on the freeway, I forget where I am going, etc. It makes me nauseous and gives me diarrhea.  Just when I am starting to feel better, it is time to take it again.  I take 100mg 3 times a day.  I have only been on it a couple of weeks, so I keep hoping the side effects will go away.  I still get anxious when I am faced with my main stressor, but it is not as severe (not the full blown panic attack), just the pain in my stomach, choking in my throat, feeling like my heart is pounding in my head, chest, etc., so it does help some.
5919	9.0	I was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder and anxiety. My doctor put me on Gabapentin @ 2700mg/day I started with 300 mg/day and worked my way up. I feel good! I never felt this good all my life, I have opened up to the world around me and enjoying life much better. I deal with stress and fear in a totally different way. I'm mostly happy all day haha!
5920	8.0	I way prescribed 300 mg Neurontin for anxiety and it has been amazing. I'm also on a number of other anti-anxiety drugs, however Neurontin is helping to lessen my anxiety with its sedative effects. I highly recommend trying Neurontin. I tried Lyrica before Neurontin and Neurontin is more effective and cheaper for me. 8/10!
5921	8.0	Gabapentin has relatively few side effects - I can be a little dizzy - not much, plus it makes my eyes a little puffy. But it does take the edge off anxiety and can be taken as need, unlike so many other medicines. I take 600mg twice a day.
5922	10.0	I suffered with severe migraines several times a year.  In my 30s, the migraines became more frequent, longer lasting, more severe. Accidentally discovered Xanax, lifted the migraine immediately. Xanax not being a long-term solution for many reasons, my neurologist prescribed gabapentin.  I haven't had a migraine in over six years.  I take 1200 mg a day, usually before bed, but have discovered that taking 300mg in the afternoon when anxiety kicks in and the rest at night has made a huge difference in anxiety.  Anxiety runs in my family, migraines, too, and this medication works very well for me.
5923	9.0	Made me very agitated for the first few days. Had lingering side effects on the dose I am on. Often times makes me lightheaded, drunk feeling, high feeling, and gives me blurred vision, HOWEVER, it controls my panic disorder. I am on 600mg 3 times per day, using Klonopin as well to control anxiety. It makes my body physically unable to panic, which quells the anxiety.
5924	9.0	I could not believe how wonderful I felt after taking this medicine. No more anxiety or restless legs. It is great. I even sleep better.
5925	8.0	This has been a God send for my generalized anxiety. After being a heavy marijuana user, I was left with near-crippling amounts of anxiety in my daily life. Neurontin controls it very well and gave me my life back. I do still get panic attacks, but I use a benzodiazepine for those and it's been pretty good.
5926	9.0	I have been dealing with anxiety, depression and was diagnosed as bipolar. I have been on Remeron at night to help me sleep and 1 mg or Klonopins 3 times a day. While that did help my depression, my panic attacks and anxiety still were horrible where I ruined a relationship just a day before I started the gabapentin. Now that I have taken this 3 times a day at 300 mg I have been able to rationalize and reason much better. I do notice I am a little dizzy at times but nothing horrible. If I only had this medication earlier I may not have lost my partner due to my actions.
5927	10.0	"I love this medicine. I used to get incredibly anxious at night - NOTHING could help me. My doctor prescribed this and the FIRST night I felt better. My mind was not cycling through ""scary"" thoughts that used to plague me. I was able to rationalize much easier. I'm just so glad to finally have something that helps."
5928	9.0	I was having terrible issue with anxiety which was resulting in severe and unrelenting headaches. Added to the fact that I am pre-menopausal, I had not felt like myself in at least a year.  I went to the psychiatrist who continued my Celexa and started me on a very small dose of Neurontin at 100 mg 3 times daily.  I am only taking it twice daily to avoid the foggy feeling.  It has only been 3 days and I can honestly say, I feel like a new person... or should I say, the person I used to be.  I was skeptical that Neurontin could do so much to relieve my anxiety, but it works for me, and my headache and constant neck tension/pain is gone.  I am so glad my psychiatrist realizes the benefits of this medication and that she prescribed it for me.
5929	10.0	I have been taking gabapentin for about a week now and it has literally saved my life!  I was having such incredible nervous energy that was affecting my sleep, relationships, daily routine, etc. I was having a meltdown everyday with lots of physical pain (mostly stomach).  This medicine calmed everything down and is helping me feel normal again!  Thanks to a good doctor...this really worked well. Can't say enough good things. I smiled this morning when I woke up for the first time in years!
5930	10.0	I've been taking Gabapentin for three years to relieve my anxiety symptoms; 1800mg twice daily. Although I started at a much smaller dose in the beginning and did feel groggy at times my body is now completely accustomed to it. This is the only medication I have tried that allows me to function normally on a daily basis without feeling side effects. I highly recommend it to patients with GAD who don't respond to other medications.
5931	9.0	I was prescribed gabapentin when I got diagnosed with bipolar disorder. It was for my panic attacks and anxiety. I went crazy with it the first couple of weeks taking way more than prescribed but that was the only way it worked for me. My doctor then upped my dose when I told him about it. He just started me off with the small dose to see how my body reacts to it. I love this medicine! Not to the point of addiction but because it calms me down and makes me think clearer whenever I freak out. There are no side effects at all for me. No dizziness, no grogginess no sleepiness. I function normally, I can even drive and work and study. It has helped me a lot. The dose that works best for me is 1500mg, I don't take it everyday anymore, just as needed.
5932	10.0	Gabapentin is the most liberating medicine I have ever used. I have tried Effexor, Prozac, Paxil, Zoloft, Lamictal, Lithium, Phenibut, Kava, Theanine, -anything with implications of anxiolytic properties. Finding the right dosage can be a little tricky, but when that is tuned, this medication seems superior to any anxiety medication available.  Side effects of too much- dizziness, fatigue.  
5933	10.0	"I have had anxiety disorder with some symptoms of OCD for most of my life. This medicine works wonders. I feel so much more calmer with it. I feel a little slow after taking it but when you have high anxiety your ""slow"" may be the average persons ""normal"". It is certainly worth a shot. I am a 250lb man and I only take 300mg with great results. Never tried a higher dosage yet."
5934	9.0	I love this medicine. I have moderate anxiety and sleeping problems. I get the 100 mg tablets and take a couple if I'm feeling anxious during the day and up it at night if I can't sleep. I love the ability to determine how many mg's I am taking and since I weigh only 100lbs, most prescriptions do make me sick. I highly recommend this medicine. It has not made me feel drowsy or foggy at all. It simply calms everything down.
5935	10.0	"I have had general anxiety most of my life, and occasional panic attacks. About a month ago, some personal issues tossed me into a week-long panic attack, I fell into a deep depression that made me have horrible physical pain.

I started Neurontin 4 days ago and hours later, I was able to get up and move around, the panic attack stopped and I could feel it lifting.  I'm still ""down' but I have things to be genuinely sad about.  Today I am starting trazodone to help with sleep,  I don""t get drowsy on Neurontin.  But for me, it worked immediately for the massive anxiety with no side effects except a foggy feeling which I no longer have with doses. The myalgia and pain from the depression is also nearly gone. I'm thrilled."
5936	10.0	"My husband is on a ""light"" dose of Neurontin (Gabepentin) and the medicine really works to relieve his anxiety.  He has Parkinson's Disease and mild cognitive disorder, as well as Parkinson's depression.  Neurontin works well on his tremor and his anxiety, but higher doses make him ""foggy.""  His dosage is 800mg spread over 12-16 hours, with the option to increase the dose to 1000mg per day, depending on his anxiety level.  He has been on Neurontin for many years and it continues to work well for him."
5937	7.0	I'm not really sure if its helped much, but maybe made some impact?  I don't like that I have to take it twice a day, because everything else I take is once at night, so I always forget my morning dosage.  600mg twice daily.
5938	8.0	I have pretty severe PTSD with some generalized free-floating anxiety.  When the Klonopin just wasn't cutting it anymore, and I'd tried so many other drugs (Atarax, Remeron, Buspar....) with no relief, I finally convinced my doctor to let me give Gabapentin a try.  I also have chronic pain symptoms, so I thought that there was a chance it would help with that (it only helped a little), but literally, with my first dose I felt like a ton of weight had been lifted from my shoulders.  I was happy and not anxious.  Unfortunately, it petered out on me over a few months.  I taper off and after a few months get back on.  Still works!
5939	9.0	I love this medication. It got me feeling the best I have in a long time. I don't feel so on the edge everyday. I take 600 mg a day. It has done good by me.
5940	9.0	This drug has been helpful with my anxiety.  I take 300mg 4 times a day.  It has not made me tired or groggy in anyway.  I am impressed and glad my doctor prescribed it for me.
5941	9.0	I have just started taking Gabapentin and it has been very effective in leveling me out so I can better handle daily life stress and crisis. It doesn't seem to have any conflicts with several other medicines I take. It may make you drowsy, but I'm very impressed with the results so far. I take three 300 MG capsules per day. I'm very glad my doctor prescribed this drug.
5942	9.0	I notice it takes away anxiety but leaves me a little foggy  -It's a great nerve pain reliever for my back
5943	9.0	My Doctor gave me this medication because I am going through a very stressful time and I was having an emotional melt down. I take 600 mg before bed or as needed during the day and it always calms me down. It feels like my whole body is numb. It also works good for restless leg syndrome. It can make me forgetful and groggy so I don't drive if I've just taken a dose. It may not be a good medicine for someone who has a job or needs to be very alert and focused. No other side effects. I've been on it for 2 weeks and it's been a lifesaver.
5944	1.0	I was only taking 600mg (2 x 300mg) an hour before bed. I overslept every day while taking this medication. I also felt groggy in the morning, stumbling to bathroom when I first wake up. Did not really help with anxiety or my mood.
5945	9.0	Although this medicine is not approved and is used off label for anxiety it has helped me a lot. I have been on it for 3 weeks and when I don't take it I can tell. I have tried Vistoril and had not luck with that so my doctor had me try this.  I would highly recommend this medicine.
5946	1.0	"During college years received Paxil to deal with exam stress. It calmed me and initially helped . No weight (sporty) but if I missed a dose after 1 year I started crying for no reason, my doc kept prescribing it and I thought I was OK. 

Yet it totally ""numbed"" my true emotions and stole my conscisouness and nature. I was mostly in my ""head"", seeking ""pleasures"" and not feeling the necessary ""fears"" (dangers) in life. 

After 18 years it ""pooped-out"" and did not work at all. I was just tired and depressed. I had to ""wean off"" which was a nighmare (panic, brain zaps, pains, suicidal urges, pure hell). Long term Paxil use simply destroyed my ""emotional brain"" and my inner and outer life!"
5947	1.0	I started taking Paxil for anxiety and depression and started feeling sick on first pill.  Nauseous, headaches, trembling, body shocks etc.  After the second pill I found it was starting to get hard to orgasm.  By the forth pill I couldn't orgasm and quit taking it at that point.  Not ready to give up sex to possibly get over some anxiety and depression, but seriously if the side effects are this bad after 4 pills what would a month be like.  Then after stopping after 4 days it was like the whole process in reverse as I has gotten over the headaches and sickness after 2 days, it took another 2 days to get over it once stopping.  I am going to try something else or just go back to self medication, at least the side effects are more manageable
5948	8.0	"I was on this medication for years for OCD anxiety depression PTSD , then wanted to get pregnant and switched to Zoloft. The Z stopped working after a year and terrible panic attacks started happening again. Went back on P. 

Overall, I am happy to not be crying all the time and not snapping at my family. I have a much better time on P than on Z. 

My only problem is the weight gain that comes with it. It's very sad for me to gain 20 pounds. 

But still, it's better than being so scared all the time. 

Please, make sure you take as directed. It takes six weeks for medicine like this to work. You won't know after a day or two. 

Stay strong"
5949	8.0	I am one of those people who was very against taking medication for my anxiety, until I realized I needed more than Talk Therapy. I tried Paxil and it has made a world of a difference. I no longer have daily panic attacks, or worry constantly. I'm able to make plans with my friends without the worry of having a meltdown in front of them. My biggest fear was getting on a plane again, and I did with no problem. Paxil has truly given me my life pack, and for that I am so thankful.
5950	1.0	I got on to this medicine during a rough time in my life. I thought it was working great until I realized they had me in the highest dose and were using it as a bandaid. I got curious about the drug itself and into further research I found that this drug is one of the WORST on the market. This drug will slowly kill you. This drug causes issues not only in your mind, but your body, if you're trying to conceive it affect that body, it is extremely addictive and causes more issue than the reason you were put on it. After my research I decided to come off of it. If I had more space to write how the detox of this pill was I would need a novel.
5951	7.0	Really helps my PMDD and my stress/anxiety. I was very thin from stress before I started on Paxil. I have rapidly gained weight since taking this medication. I have also become emotionless. As much as I dislike it, at least I don't feel anger, stress and anxiety anymore. Clearly I'm taking the good with the bad.
5952	8.0	"I was suffering from awful situational anxiety and depression, hard time fully functioning, couldn't eat, sleep, focus, cried every day, was an emotional mess. Dr put me on 20mg Paxil and told me it would take 4-6 weeks to take effect. Within a week I felt so much better. I could eat, sleep, stopped crying altogether, and stopped being constantly overly emotional.

I did sometimes have a difficult time fully accessing emotions, gained too much weight, and am having trouble with motivation so I'm currently on day 4 of weaning myself off, nothing but mild side effects so far. For me Paxil was extremely helpful to get me through a very difficult time and get me back to functioning so I could keep my job and parent my children."
5953	1.0	WORST DRUG EVER! Side effects  were body shocks, headaches, worse anxiety, etc. I only took it for three weeks and it caused me to feel numb mentally and emotionally. Drove me nuts! So I went off it and let me tell you... WORST withdrawals ever! Lethargy,  bad thoughts, apathy, brain zaps, mood swings, depression, etc. Before you take it, which I DON'T recommend as there are other options, read stories about the withdrawals. Theres so many lawsuits against it. Oh and it induced a mania in me and now I'm stuck on antipsychotics...
5954	10.0	I started Paxil approx 3 weeks ago and my life started changing for the better about 2 weeks into it.  I feel my social anxiety dissolving, I didn't realize how depressed I was, but life is starting to look so much brighter.  I suffered with bad pe which made sexual intimacy impossible, and this has pretty much gone away.  I am becoming more outgoing and able to express myself to others and working hard to remove everything in my head which caused my anxiety by talking with my spouse and others in my family.   I am also becoming much more comfortable in social situations.  I sure hope in continues, because I can't imagine going back to my old self.  I had bad nausea and was so tired the first week, but so worth it.
5955	1.0	Here is my experience with 10+ years of taking Paxil. It did a good job controlling anxiety in combination with Lorazepam 4x daily. But there was a huge cost to taking Paxil. I gained 10lbs for every 10mg of Paxil I took for a total of 40lbs gained slowly over years.  Also, erectile disfunction became a problem. Finally, about 2 years ago, because of insurance change, I had to change psychiatrists. My new psychiatrist asked me if I had noticed side effects of weight gain and sexual dysfunction while on  Paxil. I had no idea my weight gain was related to Paxil. He weaned me off Paxil an on to Prozac. I lost 40 lbs in 6 mos without trying. Prozac works  just as well with my anxiety. Perhaps Paxil isn't the right choice for some people.
5956	7.0	"Pros: works for anxiety, depression

Cons: weight gain, ED, orgasm troubles, just stopped caring about everything"
5957	9.0	I've been taking paxil and Trazadone and its been helping me to get through each day. My anxiety is down and I sleep well.
5958	10.0	I was skeptical at first but just after the first week I feel a huge difference. I have slight nausea, dry mouth and yawning but they are getting better. The world is a much better place now.
5959	8.0	Paxil worked every time for me. I wouldn't say it save my life bc I believe God saved my life. But let me tell you it brings you back to normal sanity. When your not obsessing bout your anxiety or depression or feeling sad, that's when you know you hit the jack pot. Anxiety and depression come out of no where and Paxil helped every times. Been on for 11 years on and off. This time round bout 4th time took longer and little stronger dose but hang on. I swear to YOU it gets amazing. Not better but GREAT. LIFE IS SO GOOD. SEEK HELP
5960	10.0	I started on 10mg Paxil 2 months ago, and my life is changed. I was able to recognize how amazing life is without the shadow of anxiety which caused my depression. I came back to myself. My therapist recommended doing a trial of 20mg to see if my remaining anxiety issues could be subsided as well. I just started today and I feel a little more lethargic than I'd like to and I fear for my sex life. I'm going to try it for a while until my body adjusts and if I still feel out of sorts, I'm going to drop back down to 10mg. The first week or two of symptoms was pretty terrible, I was yawning excessively. VERY nauseous, tired often...but as soon as my body adjusted, an amazing sense of clarity came over me--first time in 15 years. Life changing.
5961	9.0	I don't understand why people quit after 3 days starting it. It made them too anxious or depressed - isn't this why you are taking it? It doesn't work overnight. I too am very impatient and would prefer a quick fix. But the first 2 weeks are rough but if your persevere the benefits outweigh the startup. I'm into my 3rd week and it's working really well it is like a lightbulb moment.  I gave a 9 because for the life of me I cannot orgasm but I'll take that over the suicidal thoughts and feeling lifeless anyday... remember give it time your brain needs to adjust... stay strong x
5962	8.0	I'm currently 18 and I have been on paxil for a few months, it's my first try on an SSRI or any medication for anxiety. It works really well, I'm on 20mg and its not that I'm never anxious but my life feels liveable and that's what matters to me. Despite at first always being super sleepy it was nothing compared to thinking wow this is how life is mostly supposed to be like. For me it works, but falling asleep a lot was poo,and there are still certain triggers that I still don't/can't stand but its much better now. Please note people that you don't just quit an SSRI! You have to talk to a doctor on getting off of it or else your brain will be like what is going on. Thus the side effects of withdrawal and so on.
5963	9.0	"Been on Paxil for 17 years, started with 10 mg, stayed with that dosage for about 10 years. Loved it in the beginning, slept great and mood improved a bunch.

Eventually I went to 20 mg. It's worked okay over the years. I noticed some improvement with the increase, but never really significant.The transition from 10 to 20 was seamless.

Over the years I have tried to switch to other SSRIs as it seems the Paxil just wasn't doing it anymore. But none have made me sleep better than Paxil, so I always go back.

After a miserable attempt with Celexa, I'm now trying 30 mg of Paxil. I never thought my dose would get so high. I'm on Day 4, and other than a constant headache, I feel no changes. Hoping my mood and outlook improves one of these days."
5964	9.0	I have been on and off Paxil CR several times over the past 3 years.  It has been a life saver!  I am able to be myself and enjoy life everyday instead of focusing on my Anxiety.  The first few weeks can be a little challenging adjusting to the medicine but it is totally worth some nausea and sleeplessness.
5965	8.0	I have been taking Paxil now for 3 months. Within 2 weeks ALL of my random panic attacks stopped. No more frustration or trying to understand why I have crushing panic attacks... they are gone and I sleep like a baby. It is God sent I lived in turmoil for years. I'm taking 20mg every morning. Only bad part is.... I have almost no appetite and my sex drive is slightly lower than normal. Small price to pay to have peace of mind. Hope this helps.
5966	10.0	Panic attacks almost totally finished
5967	10.0	"I started to get anxiety and panic attacks when I was 24. I am now 30. I have tried multiple of medication for anxiety, bi-polar,depression etc... I was getting the racing thoughts but worst of all was the womp feeling you get it's hard to explain. I was on benzo as well and nothing helped me. Psychiatrist, group talk but your the only one who knows what you feel others do not understand it. I have always been a deep person and would think way to much. I got out of that stage on my own. Trust me it sucks i still get ""crazy"" but on Paxil it really helped me I only take Paxil nothing else. You name it I was on it schizophrenia meds as well. I understand when people say I can't get up I can't go out. Just try it all are different!"
5968	5.0	I started  Paxil after telling my doctor I had general anxiety and the medication worked after two weeks. At the time my anxiety wasn't high but it was a level 3 out of 10 so the medication helped out. I was able to be more social and worry less traveling around NYC, but I noticed that I started to gain weight which sucked. After 6 months I wanted to come off because I noticed i never really needed it and this was the hard part. Coming off it was horrible! It made me have higher anxiety without it, and it was anxiety I never experience before. I've been off for 4 months and I still haven't felt the same since before taking Paxil. I'd really recommend taking any medication like Paxil if you really need for panic attacks or high anxiety.
5969	1.0	I used to take   Lexapro but it seemed to stop working so I asked to switch to Paxil. Have been taking it for 4 days it has made me feel 100x worse. Do not like this drug.  Thinking of going back on Lexapro or trying Celexa maybe??
5970	6.0	So far I have been on it 5 days and I am experiencing the worsening of my anxiety symptoms. It's like I can sit still and am in a constant state of panic that even my Xanax is not helping. I am praying that this passes quickly and I start to feel better. I am taking 10mg every morning currently. Supposed to do a checkin with my psychiatrist Tuesday so hopefully the side effects have lessened some by then. I am so amped up with anxiety I am hardly eating and walking about 16,000+ steps a day mainly from pacing. As a stay at home mom of 3 busy kids and a husband who travels frequently I hope relief comes soon!
5971	1.0	I was on 40mg for months and I noticed absolutely nothing.
5972	1.0	I suffer from generalized anxiety, and my phichiatrist prescribed me 10mg Paxil even though I already take 25mg of seroquel. I took it on Friday Morning was good all day. I took it on Saturday, I was a bit sluggish. Sunday morning I took it at church I felt a sudden cold sensation of  the back of my head and down my back. I had to leave early because I started to feel weird. Around 3am I woke up feeling scared out my mind for no reason. I couldn't go back to sleep. The next day I spend all day anxious than at night after I took the seroquel. I was still anxious I laid down and started getting sleepy. My husband was holding me and when I opened my eyes a few seconds later my entire body was tingling. It was one of the worst feelings  ever.
5973	9.0	"Paxil is going to effect everyone differently. What worked great for me, may be the worst medication you've ever tried. I've been on Paxil for 20 years and for a large majority of those years, Paxil really helped me with my anxiety. I've been back and forth between 15-30mg many times. I never had any major side effects from it (not libido, not weight gain). The thing with Paxil is, there's the potential for what's called ""Paxil poop out"" (yes, it's real, Google it) where the Paxil stops being effective. I was completely unaware of this so I was totally blindsided with debilitating anxiety and horrible panic attacks out of nowhere one day. I was really bummed because Paxil had done so much good for me. It's a great med when it works."
5974	3.0	"Was prescribed this at around 16-17 yrs old, for social and generalized anxiety. It did work well, but the excessive sweating and my father's anti-med nagging made me try and quit. I had only been taking it for like 5 months and I felt like I'd been addicted for years. Brain zaps, constant lethargy, extreme and unwarranted moods; these symptoms lasted an entire month, despite my short usage time. 

I'm upset that this was the first thing they tried, on a 17 yr old complaining about social anxiety and the occasional panic attack... That month was the worst I've ever felt, if I wasn't a teen without responsibilities or took it for longer, I don't think I could've ever gotten off of it. Read withdrawal stories before starting Paxil."
5975	9.0	I am 21 years old and I have had sever anxiety and OCD for 5 years. I almost didn't graduate high school and almost lost my job because I couldn't even get out of bed or leave the comfort of my own home so I resorted to medicine. I was also dealing with a slight depression at the time and so my doctor recommended Paxil to me and for 2 years I have been on the 10mlg dose and it works wonders! The only negative thing that I have to say about it is that I don't feel like I have a lot of energy and it made me gain 50lbs..I attempted to get off and with counseling deal with my anxiety on my own and went through extreme withdraws, (brain spasms!!, mood swings, depression.) I love this stuff it changed my life but it sucks  coming off of it.
5976	9.0	Everyone's experience WILL be different.  I have experienced anxiety all my life, but no depression.  A medium to low dose of Paxil has normalized me.  My previous extreme fear of nautiousness and throwing up has been quelled.  Ativan and Xanax are fine as a temp solution (say for flying), but Pax has provided me with a normal level of anxiety.   I give Paxil 5 stars, but only if you feel anxiety along with some OCD.  Depression, bipolar, might require something else.
5977	1.0	I tried them for 4 months!! It was the worst experience i ever had!! I got brain zaps and could not sleep at all. I have mild severe frontal brain damage from a fall. Coming off them is worse than any benzo I have tried!! In fact there just as bad if not worse than a benzo. atleast the benzo drugs work for anxieties!!!! . If you read about antidepressants like i did on google. You will see that they are nothing more than a addicting placebo . Don't let anyone get you on those medications. Just google the fact that the drug companies are handing them out like candy and they do more harm than good. If you like sex than don't get involved with antidepressants!! Because you will not have any sexual wants whatsoever. I wish they did work!!
5978	9.0	I went on this medication due to me having severe anxiety and mild OCD to the point where it affected me in almost every aspect, I've only been on it for almost a month and so far the results have been amazing, the only side effect that I've really noticed is the fact that I get sleepy so I take  it before bed. Other than that I'm more happy, more calm, my OCD isn't as bad anymore
5979	10.0	"Ive been taking Paxil for around 3 years now,Im under 18 by the way for people who say its not safe,For my Anxiety,the first 2 years i was on it i was on 20mg,then sometime in 2015 switched it to 40mg,Now im on 60mg,and ive never been better,as far as anxiety goes,Ive tried Zoloft and it did nothing but give me more anxiety,I was on Latuda with it and i had to stop the latuda because I had horrible side effects to it,Ive never had a bad reaction to Paxil,maybe other than slight weight gain.
If your going to take Paxil for Depression i wouldent recommend it,but everyone its different,its never helped as far as depression goes,it does slightly help now that im on the 60mg,but im still looking for a anti-depressant to go with it."
5980	9.0	"* Reminder, everyone's experience is different and you won't know how this medication works for you until you try it.*

I'm 18 and used to suffer from severe social and general anxiety, and mild depression. I've had a bad past with antidepressants but I decided to try Paxil (20mg) because I was desperate. My anxiety is 95% gone, I'm wanting to be more social, and I'm happy all of the time! I don't worry anymore and it's amazing. There are some side effects (which were terrible the first week but reduced with time); headaches, reduced libido, tiredness, smaller apetite {I'm thankful for this one}, and insomnia.
Paxil works amazing for my anxiety and I'm so happy I tried it. I'm making new friends and I think I'll secure a job soon :)."
5981	2.0	Okay so I started taking Paxil a few months ago for anxiety, only 10mg. For the first little bit it was weird, my body felt different and I couldn't eat much, my bowel movements became very irregular. I felt like it was maybe working. I became very tired (I've always been a late sleeper) but it was hard to get out of bed, my thoughts were constantly negative, especially when I would be alone or driving alone. I had a constant headache i didn't want to do anything. I worked out a little bit in the duration but not much. I Couldn't decide whether I should stop or take more and I stopped. It's been about 2 weeks now and I'm starting to feel better and more positive, but still anxious
5982	10.0	Crippling, horrible anxiety brought on by menopause.  Couldn't take hormones.  I went through heck trying many antidepressants.  One smart doctor tried me on lowest dose of generic Paxil, never changed the dose, allowed my system to get used to it.  It worked like a charm!  I am able to work full time and do anything I want.  The side effects are minimal for me.  Yes, I gained some weight but now enjoy taking walks to exercise.  No regrets about trying this med at all.  Life saver!
5983	1.0	Panic attacks and anxiety were completely gone, but with that came tons of side effects. I gained over 40 pounds and it was IMPOSSIBLE lose until getting off of Paxil. No sex drive and couldn't orgasm at all while on it. It made me a little zombie-like, I didn't have any low emotions but not any high ones either. Coming off of it gave me extreme symptoms like headaches, loss of appetite, sore muscles, insomnia, mood swings, and weird violent thoughts. Will all be worth it though once I'm over the withdrawal period. Positive withdrawal symptom: Weight loss!!
5984	8.0	I was put on this medication for anxiety that I experienced suddenly. My initial panick atattack was so bad that I had throat paralysis. I could not make myself swallow, scariest thing ever. I was on paxil 20mg for 6 months before I stopped. The medication helped with the anxiety but the zero sex drive, constantly sleepy feeling and deep yawns with vivid crazy dreams along with 15 pound weight gain was terrible and not worth it.
5985	8.0	"Social anxiety involved with my job was causing insomnia and a feeling of constant dread. I take 20 mg.  Here is how it affects me:
I no longer lay awake at night worrying about the next day.  However, I now wake up several times a night on Paxil, but always quickly fall back to sleep.  So overall, this is a great improvement in sleep for me.  Oddly, my dreams are now very vivid.  I have actually woken up laughing.  Rather than fearing social interaction, now at worst I am mildly annoyed by it. I have not been transformed to a gregarious person, but social interaction it something I no longer fear facing.  Other side effects:  mild constipation, less prone to anger, 80% loss in sexual interest, and alcohol has more of an effect"
5986	3.0	I have taken paxil on and off for roughly 17 years. I thought it was helping and that the anxiety, moodiness and feeling a bit zoned out was normal and hormones. But 10 months ago I changed to Zoloft due to a pregnancy and I feel like a new person. My husband was the first to notice it! My stress levels have decreased hugely and I'm much calmer and life is much easier.
5987	1.0	I was struck with crippling anxiety and panic attacks when I was 20, I am now 37.I was prescribed Paxil and started on 20 mg. Stayed on the med for 6 months. It didn't do anything for me but make me a robot, phased out of my own life and like I was just on auto pilot. I informed my doctor that I wanted to opt out and that I didn't want to try any other meds. So I dropped to 10 mg for two weeks, then 5 mg and off. The reason why I am writing this after 17 years is because I started having abnormal heart beats, Tachycardia, while getting off of the med, as soon as I dropped to 10mg. Even though I got through the anxiety and am completely free today, the Tachycardia remains. There are much safer options today.
5988	2.0	Started 20mg of paxil 3 weeks ago after coming of effexor. At the moment I get a lot of anxiety throughout the day &amp; sweating. Hope this starts to go soon as its still very early days.
5989	1.0	"I took it for a week and could fall asleep at the drop of a hat...and I couldn't afford to being like that.   If you had to work all day all week and sometimes be up during the night. Paxil may work for some, but made me WAY to drowsy. My psychiatrist switched me over to 100mg Zoloft and while that was somewhat better, she also put me on a 150mg Wellbutrin  (zoloft   Wellbutrin commonly called ""Welloft"").

Paxil was no good to me and quite possibly the worst to get off of."
5990	9.0	"This medication has been extremely helpful to me. 7 months ago, I developed IBS, which made me very nervous about my stomach. I slowly became nervous about everything, not knowing that my anxiety was more than just "" little worries."" I was afraid to go to important events, thinking something bad could suddenly happen to me all the time. My mother was noticing these changes in my personality, so then made me go to a therapist. That was when I was suggested to be put on Paxil. I was afraid to take Paxil, but when I was finally forced to, I noticed changes within a week with just 5mg. I moved up to 10mg, and everyone could see changes in how I acted everywhere. I am currently still on 10mg, but even a little can do a lot, even for you!"
5991	7.0	I have tried most SSRIs and some SNRIs. Paxil was indeed the most effective for me with my anxiety symptoms. By now you have probably read the horror stories on the internet about coming off of it. Indeed this happened to me. It was horrible. I went off of it because I thought I was better and ended up off of work because my symptoms got so bad. This was because I was being followed by a GP who did not know about discontinuation syndrome (early 2000s). However, I wouldn't write this drug off necessarily. After the discontinuation hell I experienced I was referred to a psychiatrist who used the taper to Prozac method to get me off of Paxil.This method worked for me. Hope this may help someone to know about it.
5992	8.0	Paxil works great for me but it took 3 months for it to work. That's not surprising however my body has always taken a long time to get used to/accept drugs. My start up side effects were extreme fatigue, excessive yawning, derealization, depersonalization, depression and apathy(apathy and depression could've been a result for the anxiety and not the paxil) . One day while at work it just hit me and I started feeling better happier but not 100%. I'm currently at 30mg which seems to work fine. The only bad thing about being on Paxil for me is the sexual side effects(it is really hard to climax! uhg) Otherwise, I feel fine. In fact, I even have vivid dreams, which for me is nice, and more energy.
5993	1.0	"Took a single Paxil pill and felt immediately sick within two hours or taking it. This ""sick"" feeling lasted for a solid week. I thought that I probably just got the flu at the same time I started taking Paxil, so I tried it again. Nope, still made me feel sick. I didn't think it was possible to get every single common side effect listed from taking one pill, but I guess I was wrong."
5994	9.0	I have always had anxiety ever since Iwas young but this past summer I was so bad I couldn't go anywhere or do anything. I was even at the point I didn't want to leave the house I was so depressed. I didn't know what I was going to do and I was ruining my daughters and husbands life so I went to the doctor and she put me on paxil 30 mg.  I didn't want to take it cause I  never take pills not even for a headache and was scared how it was going to make me feel. But I took it and it changed my life after about a month I could go places and enjoyed life again with God and my family's help I am doing so much better I still have some days I don't feel good but i don't let it get me down so if anyone is struggling with anxiety there is help out there
5995	9.0	This pill has changed my life. I had no idea how bad I suffered from anxiety until I started taking this. I take 20mg a day and after a month I noticed a huge change. It's been 2 months now and I feel like myself again. I'm so glad I decided to see my doctor and get help. I can't believe I lived for so long being so miserable. I have so much fun now doing things I couldn't do when dealing with my anxiety. I love going out and meeting new people when before I could barely leave the house to grab the mail without having crazy fears. I am able to talk about my anxiety openly to anyone now too which is a huge change. The only problem I have is sleeping, which my doctor had to prescribe another drug for that.
5996	9.0	This medication has worked for me for over five years. I started taking it for anxiety but it has also helped me with my extreme shyness. It throws a wet blanket over your emotions. It does reduce both the highs and lows and evens out your emotions.
5997	1.0	I took this about 3 years ago for a massive mental breakdown I was having panic attacks multiple times a day I couldn't get out of bed I couldn't leave the house I couldn't eat I couldn't do anything I was prescribed this and ativan and eventually after probably a month of horrid horrible experience I started to come out of my anxiety depression all of it I came off of the drug probably a couple months later and was completely fine for about 2 years with just normal anxiety that I could manage. I tried it again a couple weeks ago for the same reason and it was hell was suicidal within the first 3 days in every side effect I can think of I discontinued immediately now looking for something else 
5998	3.0	"My physician prescribed me 20mg of paxil daily when I saw her for anxiety/depression.

The first couple of days I had trouble sleeping and had a lot of energy, but no anxiety.  This drug definitely reduced my anxiety and I felt more sociable, but after a month or so I noticed that I couldn't focus and I started to lose motivation to do anything and had no energy.  I felt more depressed than before I had started the medication, and on my days off from work I would end up sleeping all day.

Quit cold turkey whike taking 5-htp and experienced the brain zaps for a couple days, but now I feel like myself again.   I can't recommend this med.  I think exercise and good diet are more effective at improving my mood."
5999	9.0	"""I have GAD, and after three years of taking care of my younger brother who has severe GAD as well as going through an episode of pyschosis, I was told by my pdoc that I have ""caregiver's burnout"". I was prescribed 20 mgs of Paxil every day and 15mg of Buspirone (Buspar) twice a day. It has been nearly a month now on these meds and I do see an improvement. I'm not sure which one is helping me more but my anxiety level has gone from an 8 or 9 every day to about a 5. I hope to see continued improvement."""
6000	10.0	I am on Paxil for 10 years and I can't live without it
6001	5.0	Worked great for anxiety. I was calling 911 thinking I was dying that's how bad it was. I tried a bunch of SSRI's. Paxil suppressed all my feelings which took the anxiety away. But made me impotent Not a good result for me.
6002	6.0	"I was givin paxil by my doctor, and It works wonders.

It is rare that I even feel most anxiety, and I haven't had an attack in months. I've been on it a couple years and have yet to feel it stop working.

BUT, do not take this if you aren't willing to have a long time commitment with it. One thing the doctor won't tell you about straight up is the withdrawal. I've tried to come off of paxil, out of frustration mostly at the withdrawal effects, and all I can describe it as is a living hell. Confusion blurred vision, brain zaps, vertigo, nausea, depression, increased anxiety, etc. Not for the faint of heart. If you can, go with something else."
6003	1.0	I've been taking Paxil for 8 days and have been experiencing horrific nightmares gettin worse each night.  I'm done with this script for sure
6004	4.0	First antidepressant I tried after my first panic attack (which eventually turned into GAD based depression).  This med didn't seem to help at all.  Made me super somnolent yet I couldn't sleep without the aid of a benzo.  My brain just felt overactive.  First time I took it was for about 2 and 1/2 weeks, hated how I felt, got off and was fine.  Second time, a few months later, feelings came back.  I decided to try this one more time.  Again, worse sleep and just made me feel super disconnected and tired all the time.  Mind you, I originally tried at night and after no success with sleep, switched to morning.  After a month, I stopped it.  It wasn't helping at all.  Heard this is most sedating of SSRI's but wasn't for me.
6005	10.0	I have been taking Paxil since 2001, when I was in college and age 21.  I have always been an anxious person.  My anxiety was probably partly biological or genetic and partly learned from my anxious parents.  In 2001 my anxiety became very bad.  For the first time in my life I was having panic attacks and became agoraphobic.  I was hardly eating.  I was also suicidal.  A doctor at my college put me on 60 mg of Paxil daily and 1 mg of Ativan three times a day.  I also began seeing a psychologist and a psychiatrist.  After about half a year I was able to decrease the Paxil to 50 mg per day and the Ativan to once a day.  The combination of Paxil and Ativan saved my life!  My anxiety decreased tremendously and I felt so much better!
6006	8.0	The last 10 years of my life have been hell to say the least. I'm a single father to a 10 year old lovely boy. Over the years however I became a complete recluse with major depression and anxiety. I started taking Paxil 25mg and it has returned me to the confident person I was before and am again able to take care of my son. Thank you for giving my life back.
6007	10.0	I began taking Paxil for my depression and Anxiety. I started at 10 mg. The first night I took it I had horrible dizziness, headache, sickness, and felt weak. The next night I felt fine. Now it is 3 months later and I feel wonderful! No side effects, and I can get through the day without Anxiety being the focal point. I am now up to 30 mg.
6008	9.0	it does takes away anxiety but with cost of lack in libido and supresses all the feelings....very very hard to get off this med.....
6009	7.0	I have been on paxil for almost a year now for anxiety. It works most of the time. I do not have hard core panic attack anymore. My only gripe is if I miss a day I have crazy brain fuzz,  I seem to eat more, and I do not really care about anything.
6010	9.0	After 10 years on citalopram working brilliantly, it 'pooped' out on me. I was put on sertraline which made me 100 times worse and I felt like I was losing my mind. There were times when I was suicidal which never happened before. After 18 months of trying different medications I decided to try Paxil. I was nervous to be honest but I wanted to feel better than what I was. I have anxiety, depression which led to my OCD, mainly intrusive thoughts which were very distressing. I must say that after 2 weeks I have felt better than what I had done in ages. Still not 100% but it is early days. I know everyone reacts differently to medications but do not be put off by negative reviews, this might be the drug for you. I am so glad that I tried it.
6011	10.0	Anxiety has always been a big part of my life. A younger me was able to treat it with my brain but now that I am 45 I was not able to control my fears of what bad thing will happen next. Being the father of 2 kids including a handicapped little boy plus my wife that doesn't work, she needs to take care of my little boy. My fears of losing my job, car breaking down, my son's medical condition and a bad set of eyes were some of my major worries, all things that were unrealistic and mostly out of my control. Living in fear creates more problems then solutions. I started taking Paxil about two months ago and I will tell you that it helps. I feel normal no more fear and able to deal with life's problems.
6012	10.0	I started taking paroxetine about 5 years ago because I was lasting 2 mins in bed with my gf.  I never had that problem before but it was happening all the time.  My doctor told me I had anxiety and put me on paroxetine. Since then I have felt great and never looked back. The premature ejaculation went and I felt much better. I had always had negative panicky feelings but just thought it was normal and everyone felt like this but since starting it I have felt great.  It can be hard if you just stop the side affects are pretty bad but I am happy to keep on taking it because it works for me....hope this was helpful ;)
6013	10.0	I used to be a paratrooper but as I aged I developed anxieties that eventually interfered with my daily life.  For example I became terrified of flying, driving in winter, or crossing bridges.  I got to the point where I would cross a bridge and even though I knew my fears were irrational, I felt like I would pass out when crossing one and would drive many miles to avoid them.  I was talking to a total stranger and mentioned my irrational fear of driving in winter and he suggested Paxil.  He was a rough neck hunter who developed a fear of climbing tree stands which made him unable to hunt.  I figured if it worked for him I should try it!  Thank goodness I did!  Game Changer!  I cross bridges and am amazed I ever feared them!
6014	9.0	I've taken 10 mg for 5 years for panic disorder, and it has drastically improved my quality of life. I also take 10 mg of Buspar because I did experience a very bad panic attack one year ago. I used to take 20 mgs over 5 years ago for 6 months, but it affected my sexual response. I think so long as you take JUST enough, it can really work.
6015	4.0	My first anti-depressant/anxiety. Removed any anxiety 95 times out of 100 but at the cost of no emotions within your daily life, basically a rock.
6016	9.0	I am back to live a normal life.  Almost 2 years ago got depression and anxiety after my divorce and started taking Cymbalta 60 mg. For one year, but was still having problems with anxiety which is one of the side effects of the medicine.  Two weeks ago I started taking Paxil 20 mg at night and I noticed change after a week and today I can say that Paxil gave me my life back.  Please if you start new medicine give it time and you will see light at the end of the tunnel.
6017	2.0	"This drug had some terrible side-effects: loss of sex drive, appetite increase (gained 40pds), and I was falling asleep all of the time.  I could also drink staggering amounts of alcohol but never feel very drunk.  Paxil also made me unemotional to other people's needs - flattening my personality.

Best thing I ever did was get off this drug; eventually curing myself of the anxiety that was causing dizzy spells."
6018	10.0	I've been on Paxil 10mg for 18 years, I used to have severe panic attacks and general anxiety disorder. This has helped me live my life, anxiety is a debilitating sickness that interferes with everything you do in life, but only the people who have it can understand that, I recommend it to anyone who has anxiety.
6019	7.0	"Works great for my anxiety. Have experienced some negative side effects such as terrible night sweats and ""highs and lows""."
6020	9.0	I had my first anxiety attack when my oldest son was 2 years old &amp; ended up in the ER. My doctor prescribed Paxil &amp; it really helped. I've been on it for about 16 years now..even took it when I was pregnant with my second child. The only side effect I've really had is weight gain.
6021	7.0	Paxil is better than other medicines I have taken for my anxiety by far. But, there are flaws with it. Being forgetful, I forget to take my medicine sometimes, and if I forget, I will get sick due to withdrawal. I am also a very skinny person and a picky eater already, and with taking Paxil, I have an extreme loss of appetite. Eating to me is now a chore and my body will not tell me when I am hungry until I go into shock due to malnutrition. But, all of this is worth it to get rid of my terrible anxiety. It is extremely worth it.
6022	9.0	Waking up with negative thoughts and anxiety mostly in the morning, most of my life. Due to major problems at work, Dr gave me Zoloft and the like--- all were HORRID. Finally heard about Paxil, got on it, and the days all became sunny, with birds singing outside, even in winter. Was on it (20mg I think) for more than 8 years. The ONLY downside was major loss of sexual interest. Perhaps the dose was too high. Easily weaned off of it 2 years ago, over 1 month, without problems, except that the anxieties are back. At age 70, I may go back on it.
6023	10.0	I've been on Paxil for 3 days and I honestly can say I've been sleep mostly. Jaws are clicking. But I feel calm .. I hope it works out for Me. I also started meditations so I've been real spaced out. I can barely live my life with my anxiety. I will definitely post in 2 weeks with my progress.
6024	9.0	I have been on this medication for one week, I have mild jaw pain and a bit dizzy but I will take that over the madness I felt a week ago. Suicidal, anxious, crying needless to say I was a mess! I still have a few intrusive thoughts but this is one week and I am grateful I went through 3 medications before finding this one and I am glad to say the least I can get back to being a mother and wife.
6025	7.0	I had been on Paxil for about 2 and a half years but recently I decided to go off of it. I have been off for about 2 months now but have all of a sudden experienced such fear and anxiety. I feel the way I did when I went on the pill, never wanting to leave the house, or go to work.  I need to work but it's so hard to get through the day! Now my doctor says I will probably need to be on this my whole life. I gained weight when I was on it to which I didn't like. Do you think I should go back on it, I can't function like this though.
6026	9.0	I have been taking Paxil for the past 5 years and it makes me feel great I do not get any anxiety attacks since I started one thing that helps me is the support of my husband and exercise and good eating habits. Theses things assist with living a more richer and happier life. I do not intend on stopping because the good out ways the bad.
6027	8.0	"I developed an extreme anxiety disorder inside my own home. Every day, my anxiety was at a constant 8/10, and if an 'event' occurred, it would become an anxiety attack (10 /10). I was prescribed Klonopin &amp; fluoxetine (which I'd successfully taken before for depression).

This lasted NINE MONTHS. My therapist was giving me useful tools to use to conquer the anxiety, however my symptoms were too high for them to be effective.

My prescribing doctor switched me to Paxil/paroxetine and it changed my life. Within 2-3 weeks my constant anxiety leveled out to a 3 or lower and I was better able to use the tools to conquer any spike in anxiety. Paxil helped me to take back control of my life. Anxiety no longer owns me!"
6028	4.0	Numbs your emotions. Which is fine if you like your positive emotions numb too. Not a serious solution to mental problems, just a way to cover them up. Dont listen to the doctor who tells you to halve your pill every week, you need to taper your dose by 10% and only drop again after about 6 weeks. Please don't listen to opinions of people who have been on this for only a couple of weeks!
6029	10.0	I've been on Paxil since I was 5, I'm almost 20 now. I've had really bad anxiety my entire life. I started at 5mg daily, as I got older, my dosage slowly increased to 20mg, which is my current dose. I had a few bad life experiences when I was younger that caused my anxiety to increase tenfold, so my DR tried to swap the Paxil for something else. Bad idea, none of the other SSRIs worked; I had a severe increase in anxiety and side effects, so he put me back on the Paxil. Paxil has been the only pill to help my anxiety and I haven't had any side effects from it.
6030	10.0	This really works. Been on it for  a week and now feeling much less anxious. My anxiety was pretty bad, couldn't get through the work day without an anxiety/panic attack. Saw a Dr and since then this medicine has really helped.
6031	8.0	"I took Paxil for 5 years for severe panic attacks and anxiety. I got to the point where I could barely leave the house without anxiety. I was on 20 mg once a day and it worked wonders for me. I felt ""normal"" for the first time in years. HOWEVER... I gained 50 lbs. I decided to get off and weaned myself very slowly but still had withdrawal symptoms: brain zaps, severe headaches, dizzy, restless, faint, weak and the list goes on. I have been off for 5 months now and still have symptoms. "
6032	9.0	Really worked for me, paroxetine definitely took the edge off and lessened anxiety symptoms. Would still have benzodiazepine as needed but this was 1-2 per month. Great antidepressant for anxiety &amp; panic disorder.
6033	5.0	"I started Paxil after being off antidepressants for a couple of months for bad anxiety and depression. This medication made me feel like a million bucks within the first couple of weeks. I was able to get up on time, didn't feel tired, and was exceedingly happy.

Unfortunately, I had to get off of it because it caused bad Restless Leg Syndrome for me."
6034	10.0	It really works wonders. I've been on it for almost a week and I'm just so calm and chilled. My anxiety started getting really, really bad. To the point where I'd cry over nothing almost. I'd sit and stress over the most trivial matters, but in my mind they were huge and irreparable. I'd stopped eating, it freak out on my own etc. Being social became a huge issue and rationalizing that everything would be okay didn't work anymore. Eventually I bit the bullet and saw a Dr and since then this medicine has really been an absolute blessing.
6035	10.0	"Great medicine. I suffer minor depression and anxiety. Have my whole life. I been taking this almost 2 years. If you want to stop taking this medicine, lean off it really slow.
I'm taking 20mg in the morning and at night."
6036	9.0	I have taken Paxil on and off my entire adult life. I have always stuck to a low dose at 10MG  a day. I do not have depression, I am just a very sensitive especially in times of high stress, and panic attacks start to take over my life. I had to put my degree on hold, I missed out on vacations with my family, and my professional life suffered as well. Paxil calms my nerves. It keeps me in check so I don't freak out in times of stress. The side effects do exist, but keeping a low dose helps. My libido is affected a bit, I do get dizzy from time to time, and I also have dry mouth. At 10mg a day, once I feel like I am in control again (usually 8 months to a year of being on the medicine) I can stop without any of the bad withdrawals.
6037	8.0	My entire life since a young child I've been fighting post traumatic stress disorder, anxiety and depression. I didn't even know it until I was about 22. I was in a very bad car accident and it changed my life and worsened my anxiety. My panic attacks were so bad I'd be just sobbing and screaming and crying and freaking out in waves throughout the whole day. I finally sucked up my pride and admitted something was wrong and I needed to see a Doctor. I went and he immediately put me on 20 mg dose. It was great I did calm down quite a bit and when I'd have flashbacks it came without panic attacks. It's been a year and I've hit the poop-out. I was at 40mg 4 months ago and now I'm at 5mg and take Wellbutrin XL for this last month to regain my energy. ITS WORKING.
6038	6.0	After trying a few medications my psychiatrist put me on Paxil. I felt like it DID help with my anxiety and depression but that came with a price -- drowsiness, huge loss of libido, and horrible withdrawal symptoms. I was always lethargic and never wanted to go out and do anything, but I felt less anxiety and depression. I would literally go 7  days without sex (with my partner of 3 years) because I just didn't feel like it and I could definitely feel the negative toll it was taking on our relationship but luckily he stuck with me. After getting fed up with the intense side effects, I quit cold turkey -- huuuuge mistake. I felt like I had the flu and the brain zaps were never ending.
6039	7.0	I have depression I suffered for many years in the dark big time. I was too scared to say anything. I finally had to say something. I am a male of course (got to hide those feelings). Things were getting very very bad. I talked to my doctor and a shrink and got me on 20 mgs of Paxil 15 years ago and it really does help with the hell I felt within for years. Please be patient. Hang in there one day at a time if I can do it you can too. I was really bad from what docs say. It takes time to adjust to the medicine but well worth it. Drinking and not taking reasonable care of yourself won't help at all. Live a cleaner life does make a difference. No guilt. The side effects are for me constipation and a bit of brain fog.
6040	8.0	I felt so much less anxious initially, so foolishly, and with doctors encouragement, I stayed on Paxil for 3-4 years.  Two months ago, I started to ween myself off this medicine very slowly. I have never felt so bad in my 72 years of life.  At first, I felt it must be the flu though I'd had a flu shot in November of last year (13).  The withdrawal symptoms of nausea, vomiting, hot flashes. Not thinking clearly, fatigue, extremely vivid and frightening dreams, dizziness, and depression lasted 5-6 days.  My doctor recommended that I go back on Paxil at half a tablet initially, and then a whole tablet after a week.  So it has been two weeks now of my taking a 40mg. Dose each evening.  I tried documenting my terrible experience.
6041	10.0	I started Paxil 37.5 mg ER. 2 weeks ago! I have never felt this good.
6042	9.0	My journey started around 17yrs ago when pregnant I suffered an episode and was put in hospital as my son was due, they gave me 150mg straight off of clomipramine, you can imagine how comatosed I was. Over the next few years I had many crashes on this drug, then about 7 years ago a dr prescribed Paxil, best thing could ever have happened, the positives out weigh the negatives with the side effects, I'm on 15mg would love to reduce again one day, but I'm happy to be stable and of sound mind.
6043	1.0	"I have been on Paxil for two weeks and so far nothing. I take 10 mg in morning and another 12 hours later. I hope it kicks in soon. My anxiety has topped out causing my depression to increase. I have lost my appetite, lost 14 lbs.
Seeing a psychologist in a week. I'm a mess."
6044	10.0	Let me start off by saying that NOT EVERYONE reacts the same way to the same medication. NOW that being said, Paxil was a LIFE SAVER for me! I am 30 now, and I started taking Paxil when I was 19. The first medication Dr. tried for me was Zoloft, which made my Anxiety get SO much worse! I was terrified to being with feeling CONSTANT WORRY, fast heartbeat, racing thoughts. So after 3 days of Zoloft I quit, went back to my doctor and we tried Paxil. IT SAVED MY LIFE, I felt the unneeded worries of the world lift off of my back, racing thoughts stopped, my heartbeat slowed, I could organize my thoughts. It was like I had calmed down for the first time in my life AND IT WORKED IN HOURS FOR ME(don't expect same results, but you never know!).
6045	5.0	This is my second time taking Paxil. For me, it is the only medication that has been effective in treating my anxiety. I've taken just about every medication for anxiety over the past 10 years. In my early 20s, I took Paxil for about 6 months and experienced sexual side effects but only gained about 5lbs. It was horrible to come off of Paxil and I experienced dizziness, headaches, and nausea. I am currently 29 and I started taking Paxil again about 5 months ago due to increased anxiety. While it has been effective in helping me to lead a normal life with minimal anxiety, it has caused horrible weight gain. I gained 15lbs in the past 3 months which is a lot for my petite frame at 5.1'. Due to the weight gain I am currently attempting stop
6046	5.0	"Well, the first time I had a major attack they put me on xanax but it messed with my head really badly and I had memory issues. My discharge papers noted that while medicated by it I had little to no acknowledgement of externally inflicted bodily harm/pain. What I do remember is waking up the next day with a swollen ankle and multiple bruises that hurry like hell from walking into things or just letting the car door close on me.
Later, someone recommended me this treatment, and I%u2019m very grateful with it, i can go anywhere i want without problem, no anxiety, no panic attacks, I'm a new person."
6047	10.0	My body was wrecked with anxiety and depression. I thought I was going to lose my mind .Five days days on paxil and I'm a new person
6048	6.0	Had severe panic attacks and agoraphobia out of nowhere. P doc put me on paxil. Really rough start up symptoms. Dizzy, SUPER spacey, lethargic, bad sweats. After a week or two at 30 mg I stabilized. Anxiety was a bit better, but still pretty bad. Eventually went off it because I was so lethargic and spacey. Felt depressed because I was such a zombie and didn't get excited or wanted to do anything.
6049	10.0	I have taken Paxil for years, my insurance company stopped paying for it, and the pharmacy put me on the generic, the worst thing that could have happened in three days I was an hysterical wreck (I was taking the generic). I started thinking of suicide.  Someone else pointed out above something very important, if you miss a couple of days the side effects (withdrawal) is awful, I was never so sick in my life. If you can take the generic, great otherwise it is very very expensive, and NEVER forget to take it.
6050	10.0	I have been on Paxil for 16 years now.  I have always been really anxious throughout my life and it came to the point where it was affecting everything I did. Paxil has changed my life for the better and has really worked well for me.  I plan on staying on it.
6051	8.0	Paxil has been very helpful with my anxiety, I'm not so tired and am much happier. The only bad thing I have to say about it is if you miss 2 days or more of it- it has the worst side effects I requested a refill to late (so it was my own fault) but I got shocking feelings in my head and finger tips I was light headed all the time and there were a few day I would wake up from a nights sleep and automatically start crying for no reason. I'm still on it and intend on still using it. Just make sure there's no room for cold turkey off of Paxil
6052	8.0	I started Paxil last week. First pills I've taken my whole life, I'm 24. It appears to be working. The 5th day I felt really up beat and good! So far I'm satisfied. No panic, anxiety or depression.
6053	10.0	Paxil has helped me out immensely. At first I was really scared to try it because I was reading tons of bad experiences online, but then I decided I needed to do it. Well when I first started it I had a few side effects like the speedy feelings, the restlessness, the lack of appetite, and lack of sex drive and orgasm. Now I have been on them for 2 months and it is working out so great! I have not had any really bad side effects, and the ones that were there when I first started taking it are gone. This medicine has made my life so much more bearable and worked out great for me!
6054	8.0	About 6-8 weeks ago my doc prescribed 10 mg paxil (Now up to 20 mg) &amp; 0.25 Xanax. The first few weeks I was very, very fatigued! But since I was depressed, I was okay with sleeping the rest of the day after returning home from school. I did experience headaches, nausea, increased anxiety (Xanax helped alleviate anxiety). Within the last 2 weeks, I haven't taken Xanax, my anxiety has dramatically decreased! Depression has also decreased. A few months ago I was scared to leave the house, be around people, an emotional wreck, no motivation to work out. Now I'm happy to go to school, exercise, and be social again. Keep praying and hang in there! 
6055	8.0	I started Paxil 1 week ago and I have only had one little attack. It has given me more energy for work! But I do find myself going home after work and taking a nap! The only bad thing about it so far is I'm clenching my jaw a lot causing my back teeth to hurt and can't really chew that well, may be why I am losing weight also! But it has made my life a lot easier so far! From before I'd have to miss work because of my anxiety!
6056	10.0	"Hello again everyone! I have been on Paxil now for 9 weeks and it has still been a very beneficial addition to my life. I've started to feel like the real me now. I don't feel subdued or Zombied out like some people report. I started on 10mg then my Dr. moved me to 20mg about 2 weeks ago. The only main side effect I've had in transitioning to the higher dosage was severe mania for the first couple of days. It wore off significantly as the days passed. As for the weight gain that ""Paxil causes"", I think it's just that I'm not so anxious to the point of nausea and disgust in food. I love eating and enjoy my food again! My biggest positive in Paxil is that my generalized anxiety is SEVERELY reduced. Panic attacks are down 85% and I feel great!"
6057	7.0	"I've been taking 20 mg Paxil for about 11 years now for anxiety, and though it makes me calmer it has several side effects that I don't like.  1. Decreased libido/decreased orgasm  2.  Constipation  3.  Decreased energy.   A friend of mine also told me I seem more ""delayed"" after I've been taking it regularly. Sometimes I take half a pill or skip days when I feel I need to get more things done, or I want my boyfriend to be happy.  But I notice if I skip it for more than 3 days in a row I feel ""crazy"" and hyper and scattered.  I definitely get more irritable when I'm not on it, but I ""feel"" more emotionally and notice I dance more often in the kitchen with my daughter when not under Paxil's control."
6058	9.0	Paxil saved me from panic attacks and anxiety. It has worked for me for years. I would definitely recommend.
6059	10.0	I took Paxil for a total of 10 years for anxiety and panic attacks. I was put on it at a young age, but I don't see how I could have gotten through those ten years without it. Paxil is great and works wonders for anxiety, but I didn't want to be on it my whole life. I'm now 20 and doing great without it. I think the medicine gave me a sense of confidence after a while that made me realize I could get through my anxiety on my own. A confidence that helped me find my own coping mechanisms for my anxiety so that I no longer needed to rely on the Paxil anymore. I highly suggest Paxil to anyone with anxiety disorder looking for a medication to help.
6060	8.0	I was diagnosed with severe depression.  I am 61 years old, and I had no previous problems.  I started on Paxil 14 months ago.  It took 3 months to take full effect.  My doctor started me on 20 mg and then 30 mg to kick start it, and it worked.  I tried to wean off, but I went too fast.  I just went back to 30 mg a day (20/9pm 10/7am) a week ago.  It hasn't taken full effect yet.  I would recommend Paxil, but realize that this medication is very slow to work and dosage changes take time.  Everyone is different.  It has helped me, but it has been a long road.
6061	9.0	This is by far the best medication I've ever taken for my anxiety. It doesn't cause any weird side effects and it makes me a happier less stressed person all around. I had to stop taking it when I got pregnant but when I have my baby I plan to get back on my medication.
6062	9.0	I have had very bad anxiety and subsequent depression now for about 8 years. I also come from a background of extreme emotional abuse which I think was the largest contributor of my panic and high anxiety and fear. I just began Paxil last week....WOW...I really don't know why I waited so long to seek medication advice. Unfortunately it took a suicide attempt to get me where I am today but even after 1 WEEK I feel just so much better. I'm not having severe side effects becasue my Dr. told me to start gradual, which I did and I think that lessened the side effects signifigantly! I will keep updating with my progress but so far so good!
6063	9.0	It's only been one week since starting Paxil (20mg) and I can honestly say I feel great! I have no side effects. I will post once a week and let you know my progress!!
6064	9.0	I first tried Paxil in 2003, after trying everything and I do mean every antidepressant on the market. I couldn't believe in less than a week I was already feeling relief. My mistake: I kept going on and off of it. It eventually stopped helping. So for 3 years I went on Celexa, which helped less than Paxil but more than others. Recently I began getting severe generalized anxiety dsorder along with my Depression. I finally decided to give the Paxil a try again since so much time had lapsed since I'd been on it. Well...it worked again. Feeling better than I have in a long time. Message: Everybody is different so Paxil won't work for all. But if it does you..STAY ON IT. Don't try the on and off thing. Good Luck!
6065	10.0	Changed my life. Confidence, weight loss, anxiety-free.
6066	10.0	"Before Paxil I had used multiple medication for anxiety and depression and they would mellow me out but I didn't really feel ""better"". After starting Paxil I can honestly say I'm the happiest I have been in years and my coping skills are greatly improved. I feel healthy again, my appetite is back to normal, I don't look sickly anymore and I can sleep. Paxil was the miracle for me."
6067	9.0	I have had anxiety for approximately 30 years and have been on Paxil for about 10. What a difference it has made in my life. I would recommend this medicine to anyone who is suffering from Anxiety. I also suffer from panic disorder and just carrying Xanax with me has helped alleviate my attacks.  Only have to take it once in awhile now....Also...working out more has really helped with stress and a great preventative and with a little of the weight gain from Paxil. Take care.
6068	4.0	Paxil helped me a great deal.  Took around 6 weeks to work but well worth the wait.  I feel like a new person, highly recommended.
6069	9.0	Paxil worked absolute wonders for me for six years until 'pooping out' last year. After a disastrous few months on Zoloft I returned to paroxetine which again has made me 'return' to my old self. My alcohol increase (due to work issues) was almost certainly the cause for the medicine becoming ineffective and my return to anxiety and depression.  Many reviews claim SSRI's don't work as well the 2nd time which is slightly true. I feel normal again without the 'serotonin high' I had first time around. Paxil/paroxetine is a miracle for me and though it has killed my sex drive and gained my weight slightly I cannot imagine life without.
6070	1.0	This medicine made me emotionless. For the first couple of months I was fine and now I can't be happy when I want to or sad when I want to. I also have no sex drive. I'm on Paxil for anxiety, but because it works as a mood stabilizer as well it took away my personality.
6071	4.0	I've been on it for a few days now in an attempt to get off Zoloft. I've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety as a result of PMDD. Today I took a very low dose while tapering off Zoloft and its not pleasurable at all. I'm nauseous, extreme dry mouth and severe anxiety. I work with the public and felt so jittery that I couldn't work. I am willing to tough it out with some support and compassion from my family, friends and co-workers but I don't like feeling like something is controlling my ability to function. I really hope it improves.
6072	9.0	I have had a chronic depression since I was about 2 years old.  Paxil lifted the feelings of always walking around in depression and changed them to a normal level of feelings and emotions! Who could ask for more?
6073	9.0	Paroxetine worked absolute wonders for me when I first started the paroxetine 6 years ago.  My mood elevated so high to the point of work colleagues questioning my 'nightclub activities'. The 'serotonin high' also made me aggressively confident and involved a few flashpoints including a physical fight- my first for 15 years. While it worked it was GREAT.  However, it lost it's efficacy suddenly a few months ago and I was prescribed sertraline/Zoloft which was a disaster.  Headaches, Nausea and insomnia was my bodies reaction to this medicine.  Have now been put on citalopram and hoping this will be effective.  My doctor suggested I may try paroxetine again if I don't respond to citalopram.
6074	5.0	I've been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and have been taking Paxil for about 3 months. When I first began the medication I completely lost my appetite. I dropped 10 pounds within the first 2 weeks without even trying. After about a month it leveled back out. However, even after 3 months I still don't sleep well on it. It has also taken a toll on my sex drive. I'm in the process of quitting Paxil to try something new. You do not want to quit this medication suddenly. You will experience terrible withdrawal symptoms. Even though I am quitting gradually they are still quite intense.
6075	10.0	I have been on it for almost nine years now. I started having anxiety about 10 years before then and I struggled through almost anything I set to do. Since my doctor put me on paroxetine, I've been myself again. Totally calm. Can't believe I didn't get to know about it earlier. It's a God send.
6076	8.0	Paxil worked very well for my anxiety. I used to not be able to function in a crowded room but now I am fine. I find that it also gives me sturdy thick erections which I never used to have.
6077	6.0	I took this medication for 7 years on and off. I would always try to taper off and be free of it but I always ended up going back to the point that I NEEDED it. I had side effects of being sleepy constantly, and gaining 30 lbs. But I did feel better overall. I've been off of it for a year now and debating going back on it.
6078	8.0	I took Paxil for nearly 9 months and it seemed to cure all my ailments. I didn't realize how many things were attributed to my anxiety including, chest pains, nausea, headaches, etc. I really felt great (after a week or so of insomnia which is a common side-effect). I recently stopped taking Paxil since I was feeling so great. That is really tough. I had awful dizziness (but again this is to be expected) for about 10 days. Several weeks later I am realizing I felt much better on Paxil and am thinking of returning to it.
6079	10.0	Has helped me tremendously with anxiety and depression for almost a decade.  Don't recall any side effects though.  Start on a low dose and always taper it down slowly when going off of it or you will feel crazy!
6080	8.0	On day one, I noticed a calmness come about me. Now I'm on day 6 of 20 mg and still calm but, not emotionless. I love that I'm not quick to anger anymore. I am having minor panic attacks however. The doctor said it may take a full 6 weeks to feel the full effects. I was having serious panic attacks at night in my sleep and those have gone away. I keep clenching my jaw, that started on day 2. I am really tired like I've taken a Benadryl and I have to nap or I wont make it to bedtime. I am enjoying life much more though and I'm seeing all of the things I missed because I couldn't relax or enjoy the moment. I have two months of pills and then the doctor wants to see me so hopefully shes not going to pull me off. I feel like a new woman.
6081	10.0	I have been on Paxil for 10 years with no side effects. Great to relieve anxiety and depression.  I recently had to take predisone and it has thrown everything out of whack.  The doctor increased my Paxil by 10 MG. Been on the increased dose for 16 days and have not seen a great improvement.  I hope and pray it kicks in soon this raises my dose to 30 MG from 20 that I was on for all those years.
6082	7.0	I took this medicine in college and it really did help with the incessant worrying. However, it made me a careless pleasure seeker who engaged in risky and unproductive behavior. Needless to say I received a 0.0 GPA the one semester I took it.  I did enjoy my time however and still have fond memories but know now that I have too many lazy tendencies to take this medicine.
6083	8.0	I have been taking Paxil 20mg for about 4 months now. I suffered with anxiety which caused lightheadedness and shortness of breath for two years before I decided to try medication.  When I first started, I had more anxiety than ever and some depression which I never had before taking this medication. It took about six weeks to feel the effects and it works. To those out there struggling with this medication just give it the 6-8 weeks to work before giving up. Also, try relaxing things like baths and reading and even exercise.  I finally feel like myself again. I have some rare moments of anxiety but nothing at all like I had before seeking help. This is a good medication.
6084	10.0	I do great when on this medicine but if I run out.. I feel nauseated, my head feels like it's swimming, I feel mad and snap easily. So don't run or stop without your Doctor's help. I see my Doctor today, I can't wait.
6085	10.0	I've been on Paxil for almost a year now. My panic attacks where so bad, as soon as I wake up boom panic attack almost all day! It was bad guys Paxil is a God send.
6086	6.0	Been on Paxil for about 13 years up to 40 mg a day. If I miss a pill or two start to get like electric shocks through my body, so make sure you take them daily.  Still have Xanax as back up. Sometimes wonder if the Paxil works good enough. Lately stress level is so high and life events are just driving me crazy.
6087	10.0	Been on it for 12 years, and couldn't stand the anxiety attacks any more, now I hardly have any attacks. This medicine works for me.
6088	9.0	I was put on Paxil for anxiety, depression and OCD.  I have loved it!  The only side effect is a bit of tension/anxiety that they say will pass.  But the big problem has been the fact that I cannot orgasm anymore.  I have been on Paxil on for 5 weeks, but noticed this problem in the first week.  I have an appointment with the doctor to have an update and discuss this issue.  Will post the results as I don't really see anyone else posting what has helped with this.
6089	5.0	Tonight was only my 4th night on the pill. My doctor has me on 10 mg at night for the first week. So far, the side effects are very uncomfortable. I mostly feel them right after taking my dose. My mouth is so dry, I'm nauseous, gassy, I can't sleep and I'm exhausted. I know the doctor said it could take weeks to work, so I'm not knocking it yet. Also, some reviews I have read say that some of the side effects disappear and I am certainly counting on that. So far, I haven't seen much change in my anxiety and hopefully it comes soon.
6090	5.0	I have had anxiety all of my life. Didn't know until I finally took a serious look with my wife. Doctor prescribed 10 mg. Had muscle restlessness, chattering teeth and insomnia, which I already had and Paxil made it worse. I've had sex for a while i=with no orgasm and no ejaculation. Additionally, Paxil makes me have the urge to drink alcohol were there was none before. Going to my doctor to get something else.
6091	6.0	I've been taking Paxil for about 4 weeks now and I'm finally starting to feel like my old self . The first couple of weeks I felt horrible and thought about stopping the medicine but my doctor assured me that it would get worst before it got better.
6092	9.0	I have been on Paxil for about 6 years now and it has really helped lower my anxiety and elevate my mood. When I first started taking it, I noticed I felt calmer and in a better mood within the first 2 days on 10 mg per day. After a couple of months on Paxil, I felt a lot better, but was starting to build up tolerance so my doctor had me increase the dosage to 40 mg/day. The side effects were mostly sexual (decreased sex drive and harder to reach orgasm). I also have experienced weight gain, increased appetite and sleeping more while on Paxil. I highly recommend this drug but make sure not to stop cold turkey because the withdrawal symptoms can be severe with Paxil.
6093	8.0	My anxiety has improved and I am sleeping much better. Only possible problem I have noticed is a dip in my mood on the depressed side.
6094	10.0	I have been on Paxil for 2 weeks. If you have anxiety please try this drug. The first week was hell. I had headaches and mood swings. Then my whole life slowed down so I could catch up. Good Luck!
6095	8.0	Paxil may have some minor side effects but it has helped me a great deal. I do fidgit my hands and feet a bit but have no real side effects as long as I take it responsibly. When I first began, I could miss a few doses without problems but now it only takes one missed dose for me to feel it. And if you try to quit cold turkey it will have some serious side effects. Overall, I couldn't imagine living without it now that I've found relief from my anxiety.
6096	8.0	I've suffered from generalized anxiety since I was a child, but only recently decided to do something about it. After having annoying side effects with Zoloft, I switched to Paxil. The first week really brought out my anxiety symptoms, and I wasn't able to get a good night's rest for well over a month, but it's really developed into a miracle drug for me. My only side effect is occasional chattering teeth, but it's a small price to pay for feeling great. My only regret is not trying this years ago.
6097	10.0	I've had insomnia and anxiety problems since 2005. I was on Paxil for around two years because I had really bad muscle tension and excessive worry. I finally got to the point where I could not sleep two hours at night. I've tried Effexor, temazepam, trazodone, Lunesta and Paxil is the only medication that calms me enough to go to sleep and stay asleep. I can easily get eight hours after being on Paxil for 4 days to a week. I tried to get off of Paxil once to see how I would do with no medication at all and after 9 months my insomnia came back again long term and lasted for over 3 weeks so I went back on Paxil again and I've been getting quality sleep ever since. Paxil was a lifesaver for me.
6098	1.0	I was on Paxil for 13 years.  It helped my anxiety in the beginning but made me emotionless.  I almost never cried or got angry.  My sex drive was non-existent.  I had terrible withdrawal symptoms when I tried to get off of it.  If there is another option for you besides Paxil, look into it.
6099	6.0	I've had anxiety for five years,and started taking Paxil since my first anxiety attack. In all this time I've been on Paxil, I only had about 2 to 3 attacks. The problem that I have is feeling dizzy or light-headed since my first attack. It wont go away and it makes me feel tired and lazy. Paxil has helped me with the attacks dramatically, but the light-headedness is still there. 
6100	10.0	I am on my 3rd week of taking Paxil.  The first week was difficult as my side effects were nervousness (which makes you think you are having an anxiety attack) and sleepiness.  After about 4 or 5 days I started feeling better and better.  I have only had 1 very small attack since being on it.  I feel SO much better and happier.  I finally feel like myself again. Good luck to all of you!
6101	5.0	I've just started this and have been on it for a total of one week. I'm having unbearable side effects even though I'm following doctor orders, and constantly praying they'll go away eventually.
6102	8.0	I have been taking Paxil for 5 months. My anxiety had gotten so bad that my wife took me to the ER at 3AM thinking I was having heart issues. I visited my doctor shortly after that and he prescribed Paxil. After a few days of taking it, I felt so much better - finally, relief! I didn't even realize I had so many symptoms of anxiety until I was on Paxil. I feel better than I have in two years. HOWEVER, there are sexual side effects (decreased sex drive and difficulty achieving erection and ejaculation). Since I'm a newly married man in my mid-twenties, these side effects are very frustrating. Other than that, this drug has been very effective in treating my anxiety.
6103	10.0	this drug makes all my anxiety go away.or makes it not as noticiable to me.
6104	8.0	I started taking paxil 13 years ago. I had severe panic attacks. It gave me my life back. Mild side effects. A little sleepy. I just hope it has no long term damage but at least I can enjoy my life.
6105	5.0	Bipolar Disorder: This medicine has helped reduce my symptoms of anxiety, agitation, and impulsiveness.  But it does not help with depression symptoms in the long run.  It has caused my mood to go up and down, even though I'm using other medicines to stabilize my mood.
6106	8.0	I have been on Paxil for 6 weeks now and it just finally kicked in. I suffered with anxiety and extreme panic for 6 years. Now I'm fine. I can't believe it. It's my wonder drug. My life feels normal now. However, I stopped taking it for three days in a row and I felt crazy, so do not cold turkey this drug.
6107	10.0	I started taking Paxil about 7 or 8 years ago for anxiety.  I had been in the hospital for an arrythmia at age 24 and it totally freaked me out.  After that, every illness I had I was sure it was my heart and I started to panic and check my pulse frequently. I ended up in the ER about twice a month thinking I was dying. My PCP finally suggested Paxil.  Since then I have had ZERO panic/anxiety attacks.  I have had problems occasionally with ejaculatory dysfunction, but not often enough for me to be that upset.  Besides, the trade-off is feeling better and living normally. It has been great for me and I hope you have a similar experience.
6108	2.0	Probably the worst drug i've seen for anxiety.
6109	10.0	For over a year I suffered from unbelievable anxiety. Something very new to me. I first thought it was because my son was in Iraq, and my Dad had died, but I soon thought there was more to my anxiety. My doctor prescribed Paxil and wow what a difference. This is a very good drug for anxiety.
6110	9.0	Paxil changed my life so far. It's been 3 months on 10mg's and my anxiety is all but gone. Sometimes when I have PMS I still get some anxiety but I am not willing to take more than 10 mg's so I will live with that. If taken properly it is great.
6111	10.0	I was given Paxil 3 years ago. I didn't know what a basket case I was until I started getting better. No side effects at all. I will encourage any one to at least try it for 6 weeks it is a great drug if you truly need it.
6112	6.0	"I take 30 mg a day. My only complaint is embarresing but I'm having trouble with have orgasms. The desire is still there but my husband has to work real hard! I use to be ""Easy"". Now there is no such thing as a ""Quicky"". I spoke to my doctor and he says when my unchangeable life evets calm down he can swithch me to Effexor XR which is suppose to be better. We'll see."
6113	10.0	I have been taking Paxil for about 6 years now off and on.  After a while they stopped working, my doctor switched me to something else. Can't remember the name but that did no good for me. I stopped taking them and am going to the doctor to go back on Paxil. It's the best treatment I have had.  It kept me calm for years, it's great for this condition.
6114	10.0	"I have been taking Paxil for about 6 months.  Before that I was taking Zoloft for depression.  While I was no longer depressed feeling on Zoloft, I realized that was getting stressed out about little things. I have always been ""high strung"" and full of energy.  Since starting Paxil I have calmed down and I am able to relax. I have just started taking Niravam for high stress moments. I have gained weight and I am also tired feeling, but the peace of mind is worth it"
6115	10.0	I have been taking Paxil for about 6 years now and it stopped my anxiety attacks almost totally.  Great help and balances out my stress level with being a professional working mom with 101 things to do a day.  Would recommend it highly.
6116	8.0	I started taking 50 mg at night for sleep. I was told that for anxiety/ depression, the therapeutic dose is much higher. I disagree- I have noticed a difference, not just in my sleep, but in the way I think about things- more logically. Last night, I started to have extreme anxiety/ paranoia. I decided to take my dose early so I would  be knocked out, ending the thoughts. It didn't knock me out- maybe it was too early to take it, or maybe I was too anxious. But it did help me calm down, think rationally, and I was able to focus more. I think it's great, If I'm tired and can't sleep, it knocks me out. If I don't need sleep and I'm getting anxiety, it calms me down and helps me think clearly- not like I'm high from from a benzo. I think this is a good med to try in different situations and see what / how/ when it works. Only bad thing: I skipped it one night, thinking because I had to be up earlier, I would be tired the next day. I had like a rebound effect- I was up  ALL night..
6117	1.0	I was prescribed 50mg to help me sleep better with chronic anxiety and possibly in a hypomanic state. I took the dose at 10pm. An hour later, I felt a big sluggish and was able to get into bed. Then, fifteen minutes later, my pulse sky rocketed and my heart started beating incredibly fast. I had tingly sensations in my neck chest and arms. I was wide awake until 4am and completely panicked and scared. I’ve been on tons of medications and never had this type of reaction. It felt like cocaine. I stopped taking it immediately.
6118	10.0	I had really low expectations for trazodone, but I’ve been very pleasantly surprised! I have PTSD, trouble falling/staying asleep, and anxiety/panic during the day. I take between 12.5mg and 25mg of trazodone at night. It’s like a miracle drug for me. The side effects I’ve had are feeling a little zoned out (this has worn off over the past 3 weeks), less nervous eating, and occasional increased REM sleep. It’s important to take it early (by 10pm) otherwise I can feel groggy for many hours during the day. But it’s made my anxiety VERY manageable. I definitely wasn’t expecting it to work. There are no withdrawals or unpleasant side effects if I don’t take it. It works just as well as ativan or Xanax with fewer side effects (I don’t feel loopy). Very happy!!!
6119	10.0	"I'm very happy. I love trazodone.  I have been taking Trazodone for about 1 year and it works for me with my sleep and depression and panic attacks. Trazodone 150mg works for me great!This medication works wonderful.
From Romania"
6120	10.0	My 13 year-old had such severe anxiety that she regularly refused to go to school.  After taking Trazodone (50mg each night) her anxiety, hyper-sensitivity and morning vomiting stopped.  She is now 15 and a very easy teenager in comparison to most.  She is happy, has lots of friends and is getting good grades in school. She has a tougher skin and a maturity I never thought would come.   This medication and a lot of love saved this girl. She is a little groggy in the morning but a cup of iced coffee easily fixes the fatigue.
6121	2.0	I had been using lorazepam “as needed” to deal with early-morning anxiety/insomnia for about 3 years but worried about tolerance, so wanted to try trazodone, hoping also for help with erections (I’m 68). First night 25 mg did not help with insomnia (in fact made it worse) and caused brief nausea, but ZERO morning anxiety and 2 good erections. Next night insomnia returned to baseline, no nausea or other side effects, and no anxiety, but no more erections. Continued like this for 5 more nights. Then I tried 50 mg for 3 nights. First night insomnia was worse but otherwise the same effects. Next 2 nights saw next-day anxiety return, plus dry mouth, lightheadedness, weakness, and incoordination. Thinking of bailing.
6122	1.0	Prescribed 150 mg for anxiety and unable to go to sleep.  Took 1/2 tablet which was 75 mg.  Started stumbling around soon after taking.  Spent a sleepless night with the jitters, blurry vision,  head felt like it was in a vice.  Was 36 hours before I felt back to normal.
6123	9.0	I had terrible gastrointestinal issues with Sertraline and Lexapro, SSRI's, causing me more anxiety then helping.  Trazodone does not impact my stomach, and I sleep really well on it, as I was having terrible night time panic attacks, those are gone and stomach is stable.
6124	3.0	over the last 2 years anxiety, panic attacks, stress levels &amp; insomnia have creeped in with vengeance. At first the Dr put me on mirtazapine which didn't work for me at all -awful side effects, it made me really restless, snappy &amp; totally lowered my mood more then it already was before starting the medication. The Dr then put me on 50mg trazodone which so far I have only been using for 2 weeks. So far for me personally it hasn't worked any sort of wonders, the only way I can describe It is that I don't feel so much all over the place if that makes sense and unfortunately it hasn't helped with my sleep at all. But I'm only on my second week in, hopefully after another few weeks it might start to balance its self out.
6125	7.0	I started off taking 25mg Trazodone and eventually worked my way up to 75mg which I was on for about 2 months. Trazodone worked great for helping me fall and stay asleep throughout the night without waking up from panic attacks. It made me feel relaxed and I never felt the need for Xanax which was the case prior to taking Trazodone. However, getting off Trazodone was rough. The first week off, I had two panic attacks at night even while on an SSRI. After that I became more stable but experiencing those few panic attacks after getting off wasn't fun.
6126	3.0	"I am in my mid fifties and my anxiety has gradually worsened over the past 6 years or so. I'm now off work. I have tried a few meds but this is the most recent. I only took 50mg for 3 weeks. I found my sleep to be a little better and I seemed slightly less self conscious if that makes sense. The negatives far outweighed any benefits though. Within the first week I had lost my appetite and when I ate I would just bloat. I also got stomach pains. It basically shut my metabolism down. I have extreme headaches and dizziness as well and zero motivation.
I have to say that I am one of those people that are very sensitive to medications so this drug may benefit some people"
6127	9.0	I was taking Xanax for many years to treat my anxiety. New guidelines, however, said I couldn't continue because of the pain medicines I take and fear of overdose. My doctor prescribed Trazadone. I was hesitant at first but I took it because I wasn't sleeping. It works great! I can't believe I like it even better than the Xanax! While on Xanax I still had anxiety but this med has really helped both anxiety and insomnia.
6128	10.0	Works very well for my anxiety as well as a bit for my depression.  Definitely the best medicine I have ever tried for anxiety, even works better for me than Xanax with much less dangerous side effects.
6129	10.0	Trazarone 50mg works for me great! I wasn't getting any sleep and was going thru anxiety, panic attacks and depression. This medication works wonderful.
6130	10.0	When I took my dosage at bedtime it was wonderful as long as I didn't have to get back up in the deep sleep it puts me In. Which I desperately need. However I literally will sleep 12 hours straight or until someone wakes me up. So I may need to cut my dose in half. Luckily I am able to stay home or I would be fired.
6131	1.0	They took me off valium after taking it for anxieties from a severe Traumatic brain injury while in the military. Now with there new rules they put me on trazodone for anxiety and wow its the worst thing a person can take. Read about all the dangers about the side effects from ssri's they are killing american vets especially. Please if you read this don't ever take a SSRI. I have done a lot of reading and found that antidepressants are horrible for a person. Even the scientist have said they made a mistake and they are not able to test the serotonin in a persons brain. So basically you are a guinea pig. They don't work and your addiction means no more sex!!! How can the drug companies make such a pill to help people when there the worst drug a person can take.
6132	9.0	I was prescribed this medication several years ago for anxiety disorder and depression with serious insomnia. It worked like a charm to help me get a really good night's sleep and saved my sanity. I took it daily for about 2 years.. It really knocked me out, so that if someone woke me in the middle of the night I was pretty much incoherent and felt heavily drugged. I did feel alert and rested in the morning. Worst thing for me was a rare side effect that caused my bone marrow to stop producing white blood cells. A swollen lymph node resulted in a blood test, which showed no wbc's at all. Scared of cancer, but my doc told me to stop taking this drug and the tests afterward were back to normal. I suggest you get blood tests if on this med.
6133	6.0	Not sure
6134	8.0	I wrote another review under insomnia but it is caused by anxiety. Trazodone has helped me out although I also take Zoloft during the day and I seem to be much better as well as I sleep at night after years of insomnia and anxiety the combination I feel is working. Of course most people can't take Trazodone during the day and I initially had side effects and on the first night fell into my dresser after getting up to use the bathroom. Initial dose was 150 mg so right away I cut it down to 75mg. I still had side effects such as tremors in the morning for a couple of hours and stopped taking it. After going back to very little sleep I tried it again taking only 50mg. The tremors went away after a few weeks. Now all good.THUMBS UP. TRY A MONTH
6135	10.0	After suffering from general anxiety disorder (GAD) for 40 years, trazodone is a great drug to help me with anxiety and sleep. To help with GAD I went on a strict diet of no coffee and alcohol, also  I limited  me bread and sugar. This was the major tools for me against my fight with GAD. Also,  I have not been able to have a deep restful sleep in many years. Typically, I would toss and turn all night long. The trazodone gives me a deep restful sleep every night. 200 mg. of  Trazodone also helps me stay calmer and less anxiety during the day.
6136	5.0	"Take 50mg at bedtime and rest well for a couple of hours then I
I awake and have a bad time trying to get back to sleep. I sleep about an hour and go through the same thing again. I finally get back to sleep a couple hours later and get a couple more hours of sleep before awakening for 
the day."
6137	7.0	I find it gets me to sleep, but my eyes are red and sore a lot of the time. Thinking of halfing my dose but been on it for 6 years now
6138	8.0	I can sleep finally. Great drug! I take 100 mg and Ill not go up to 150 like my dr said because Im sleeping good enough now. I take Zoloft in the morning and after almost 7 weeks I feel better and less anxious. I give it an 8 because I had low blood pressure the first few days and still have a bit hang over in the morning.
6139	7.0	Having taken this for a month I can say that it has been effective in relieving me of debiliating anxiety and made me a lot calmer. Highly effective for sleep. Side effects I've noticed are shaking, excessive sweeting, low appetite and a sort of 'hang over' in the morning. Began therapy recently which has helped and I would advise all other anxiety sufferers to try this too!
6140	10.0	I am very sensitive to medication. Even though I've been on almost every psychotropic drug since the age of 5. I take 25mg of Zoloft 1x a day and 25mgs of trazedone 4x a day for C PTSD,  panic attacks, GAD, and insomnia. I had to quit taking my klonopin due to being pregnant and I thought I might end my life due to the panic attacks and constant dread. Surprisingly, trazedone during the day replaced the klonopin very well and didn't make me so tired to where I couldn't function like I was worried it might. It slowed my negative responses down and my heart rate down to where I wasn't in panic mode and it's without the more impulsive side effect some of the benzos can give you. I just feel calmer and happier but not like a different person.
6141	4.0	Great for getting to sleep and really cool dreams, however too many side effects. I didn't realize it because I was on a couple other drugs for anxiety, so I didn't know which one caused problems. After getting off it I stopped having constant a hot feeling or sweating at night, bowel problems, I thought I had some disease because I had diarrhea all day. I also felt apathy/depression. When weaning off it I felt dizzy and very confused. Had hypotension. Had trouble speaking.
6142	10.0	It have been effective w/all the symptoms that's associated w/anxiety
6143	10.0	I used to feel vaguely anxious all the time and acutely anxious some of the time -- and have trouble sleeping. Now, I feel some anxiety (which is natural if you are 65, single, childless, and have little money!) -- but  I don't worry and obsess and make Plan A, B, C, D, and E the way I once did. I even feel confident that things will work out! And I sleep thorugh the night....I rarely have trouble falling asleep, so what I usually do is go to sleep &amp; when I wake up in the night and can't back to sleep, take it then. This works like a charm for me. The only side-effects seem to be occasional dizziness.....Trazodone is WAY better than Elavil (HORRIBLE drug) and Lorazepam which kept me spaced out and unable to remember anything.
6144	9.0	"In the last year I've lost my husband, my job, and as a result, I relapsed. Alot of stress, anxiety, and little sleep.  I am now 6 months clean. Began taking trazadone 6 mos ago. After a few months it was not helping me long term.  It would some what relax me, I'd fall asleep, but suddenly, I was awoke after about 3 hrs .  After communicating that, I was told that because of my weight gain now weighing 198, height (5'3"")  that contributed to the non effectiveness, and the fact that on the end of my treatment, I was no longer taking some of the other meds. Anyways, once my dosage was increased to 100mg, and   I've felt so at ease, and have slept through the whole night like a baby.   Thank God for Trazadone,  2 thumbs up."
6145	9.0	My daughter (age 12) tried Lexipro for severe anxiety (school refusal etc.)  The Lexipro made her hallucinate black blobs and become  depressed in addition to anxious.  The root of her problem was ADD/Dyspraxia and a Reading Disorder that led to numerous negative school experiences.  After researching different medications, her PCP and I zoned in on Trazodone to help her sleep and relax.   It changed my daughter's life.  This med, in addition to a nurturing and small private school has made a huge difference.  She's not only functional but she is happy--no more meltdowns--and she thrives socially and academically.  (She is 100 lbs and takes 1.5 tablets each night.)
6146	10.0	I have had bouts of severe and at times crippling anxiety for over 20 years. Though I mastered recognition of severe anxiety and can skip the ER realizing I cannot die from a panic attack, the effects would still bring me physically to my knees. I failed to respect the source of anxiety: depression. However, the SSRIs out today like Zoloft, etc, are bad on your brain and totally destroy your libido. You eventually are robbed of sleep and the problems spiral: blood pressure, obesity, apnea. Trazadone solves both problems for me, mental depression, physical insomnia. Side effects for me are: muscle spasms/weakness, balance problems, dry eyes, left side throbbing headache and some mania. Hopeful for the future.
6147	5.0	I was prescribed this for sleep and to help elevate my mood. My prescription was for 25-50 mg at bed times, but I found it wasnt effective for sleep unless I took the entire 50. It worked well for sleep but I experienced many side effects. Some harmless like vivid dreaming, but mostly bad like teeth clenching, nose bleeds, severe nasal dryness and stuffiness, as well as  appetite surpression and increased mood swings (mostly anxiety.) I ended up not wanting to tolerate these things and came off it after 3 weeks. It did not elevate my mood, however I may not have been on it long enough.
6148	10.0	Having battled anxiety and insomnia for years, and not wanting to take an addictive drug, trazodone has done wonders for me. I take 200 mg a half hour before bed and then light's out for 8 hours. I used to wake up groggy but that went away after three weeks. Best sleep aid I have ever had. Now, no more anxiety.
6149	9.0	"My dose is 150mg at night. 
First week: weird dreams but I persisted with it.
Second week: weird dreams stopped. Felt same as before.
Third week: anxiety gone! That was three years ago. I now manage return of mild anxiety by walking one to two hours a day."
6150	1.0	Zero help with anxiety but seemed to help with hallucinations which at least was something
6151	10.0	I take it for sleep 100/200 mg at nite this is the only way  I can go to sleep I get 4 hrs of great sleep than I start waking up but the sleep is good if I wake up to early I take 50mg more
6152	10.0	I was put on 50mg trazodone almost 4 weeks ago, for anxiety with the resultant insomnia.  Within a few days, I felt much calmer and not worrying and getting worked up about simple things. It was day 10 before it really kicked in to help me sleep, I will sleep for maybe 2-3 nights in a row, then have a wakeful night, although I still feel rested after a few hrs sleep. All things considered, they are helping me a lot.
6153	9.0	My MD recommended I start taking 25mg at night to help with my sleep/anxiety issues.  The past six months I've been battling anxiety and depression intermittently.  The past 4 days have been the best since the attacks started.  I really can't say enough.   No side effects for me at all.
6154	9.0	I have had an issue for many years where I could not shut my brain off when I went to sleep.  My doctors had tried Xanax, Valium, sleeping pills (over counter and prescription) and though some worked initially they did not completely work for me.  I was talking to a Psychiatrist friend of mine and they suggested that I try Trazodone. After researching it and seeing that it was an anti-depressant I was extremely skeptical and concerned about side effects. I started with 50mg at night and the first night I took it was the best nights sleep I had in a long time.  I am now on 100mg at night and always have great nights sleep. The only side effect I have is vivid dreams.
6155	1.0	I was put on this pill 100mg for anxiety and sleep issues. After two days of taking the pills I started to have angry and violent thoughts and feelings. My sleep didn't get any better either. I stopped taking after those two days.
6156	7.0	I was prescribed Trazodone for anxiety, insomnia, and depression. It worked very well after the first week of the nausea and strange feelings that come with a new medicine. It helped me sleep, I was less depressed and found it easier to find things to look forward to. HOWEVER. If you are prone to side effects in psych meds, be careful. In less than two months my hair thinned to about half of what it was before. I have since quit and am taking supplements to help regrow my hair, and bathing in my own tears.
6157	8.0	I have anxiety disorder but I take it to sleep. It works very well to get a good night's sleep. One 50 mg pill at bedtime.
6158	9.0	"I have been suffering from generalised anxiety disorder for the last 10 years, on and off many anti depressants. I have been on citalopram/SSRI for about the last 5 years, but it never did the job thoroughly and I felt that is as good as it's ever going to get. I started Trazodone 2 days ago, and I feel like a new person. Anxiety down by an immense amount, confidence levels boosted beyond what I've ever felt.

I am combining it with the citalopram, however, as always medication affects every individual differently. Just a matter of trial and error.

Only side effects so far are dry mouth, and slightly impaired concentration. But they are MINOR compared to the anxiety I used to have."
6159	9.0	I just like to add that trazodone turn my life completely to happy after going through so much stress and anxiety and sleepless nights this medicine gets a 10.
6160	10.0	I am a tricky person for the Doctor's to treat. Lots of things they thought would be of help, were complete opposite for me..I often get the worst side effects on the list! Im 35, have battled chronic depression &amp; anxiety since early teens..serious back &amp; neck troubles started almost 15 yrs ago..which has progressively gotten worse, &amp; diagnosis of fibromyalgia, &amp; cps,&amp; cfs.  Sleeping, has always created some major anxiety for me since I was very young. I've been taking trazodone for 15 yrs, and it still works just the same, without having to increase the dose. So I get the 100 mg pills, &amp; score them into 4's. One works to get me 7 hrs. You have to be in bed, ready to go to sleep, then take it, &amp; give it 20-30 min. I PROMISE SLEEP.
6161	8.0	I've been on trazodone for three weeks.  I also take Klonopin 2 milligrams and 1 x 100 mg of trazodone.  It does help with sleep no doubt.  I'm a sufferer for over 16 years so this definitely works.  It stops the thinking, the worrying, and eventually it knocks you out.  The problem I have is that I feel so lethargic.  I'm tired after sleeping seven plus hours after consumption.  My eyes are red and hard to open. I want to sleep and this does the trick.  However, I hate feeling tired all day.  I gave it an eight because in terms of sleep and anxiety it does the job.  But the side effect of feeling tired all day is unbearable. 
6162	9.0	I have been prescribed trazodone for generalized anxiety disorder with insomnia. I started with 50 mg only at bedtime about for a week and now at 100 mg in a single dose at bedtime. It helped me a lot with the anxiety (it calmed me down) and also it improved considerably my sleep at night. Although the sedating activity is immediate, the anxyolytic activity takes some time to show effect and requires increasing dose. I have noticed no major side effects, except from orthostatic hypotension and some headaches mainly at the beginning of the treatment. It works well as a sleep aid, but care must be taken when you increase the dose (should be done gradually increasing the dose by 25 mg). The dose of 100 mg at bedtime works fine for me. I will continue on this dose and see how things go on.
6163	9.0	"I had previously tried Cipralex, Wellbutrin, Effexor, Abilify, lamotrigine, mirtazapine, and benzodiazepines for my persistent anxiety. I heard that trazodone was a ""weak"" antidepressant, but its anxiolytic properties work magic for me. Unlike the other medications I tried I have hardly experienced any side effects except for some grogginess in the mornings. While its sedating effects aren't strong for me (I take Seroquel/clonazepam if required to fall asleep during stressful periods), my anxiety during the day and night has subsided considerably."
6164	8.0	"Have been on this medication for approx. 4.5 months.  Was experiencing panic attacks, high anxiety, insomnia, depression, and peri menopausal mood swings to the point it was interfering with work.  My dr. started me on 50mg and currently on 150mg per night.
Initially, I would fall asleep  half hour to an hour after taking this medication and sleep soundly for 9 - 11 hrs, Now, it takes up to 2 hours to fall asleep and I get 6 - 8 hours a night. Panic attacks stopped, anxiety minimal, mood swings occasionally out of control, depression no change. Occassional burning feeling in stomach lately. Feel the need for a review and additional assist with depression."
6165	9.0	I have been on trazodone for a week the best sleepaid ever! With the Wellbutrin I feel so balanced for the first time in my life.
6166	8.0	I have been on this medication for two months and it is a lifesaver.  I take 50mg twice a day for anxiety, and 200mg before sleep for insomnia.  Now I sleep 8-10 hours every night.  The only side effect for me is a little dry mouth, and that is no big deal for me, especially with how well the 50mg twice a day handles my anxiety.
6167	2.0	Increases my heart rate and did not help me sleep. If I take it early in the day it helps with anxiety but it is supposed to be a sleep aid. Since it affects my heart and I am near 60 it is not for me.
6168	8.0	A great medicine for restless legs syndrome, anxiety and restless mind. I take 50 mg before bed and sleep well, sometimes I still get restless but a wonderful relief the trazodone has made the night time so much better. 
6169	9.0	Love it! Been on it for only a month now, but wow!  The other anti-depressants only caused my mania to explode and make me stop taking them.  Trust me, I've been on a lot of meds. I used to not sleep (maybe 3 hours a night if that) and now I'm sleeping 6-8 on 50 mg of trazodone.  I'm not as mad anymore, I can focus, life is just so much better! I would have rated it a 10, but it gives me heartburn and it is a little more sedating in the morning when I'm trying to wake up (can't have caffeine). This medicine is truly a God send! But, for anyone that has bi-polar this is definitely an add on to your normal meds.  Taking Klonopin, Depakote, and now Trazodone.  Life is great!
6170	8.0	Definitely puts you to sleep. Lay down, then take it.
6171	9.0	I have been taking trazodone for generalized anxiety disorder, some insomnia and mild depression for 40 days. This medicine helps me a lot for anxiety and insomnia but not too much for the mild depression. I think thanks to trazodone I got girlfriend because I felt relaxed more confident of myself and ideas come easily. I don’t have important side effect just mild ones like getting some nights hard painful erections that makes me worry to get a priamism but finally it doesn’t happen. Sometimes I feel a little sleepy and I experienced a little down in my libido but I am not sure this last one is caused by trazodone, anyway the benefits are over these mild side effects.
6172	10.0	"So glad I found Trazodone for sleep and anxiety issues. I take 50mg at night and finally my constant ""on the go"" mind is quieted so I can relax and sleep. Have had no serious or disturbing side effects and I've take it for two months. I also take Ativan 1mg (for four years) 4 x's a day as needed. Since my second month started on Trazodone I don't have as much anxiety and can actually take an Ativan "" as needed"" when as before I was popping them like tic-tacs to get through my anxiety filled days and nights. But, as we all know, we are all different. Sidenote: I can't take SSRIs, they make feel worse. Don't know why."
6173	8.0	My doctor prescribed Trazodone for insomnia recently and it has helped better than any of the previous medicines prescribed. Elavil was 1st, but I still woke up throughout the night and in the morning had that groggy feeling in my head that was hard to shake. The Trazodone is working best if I take half before bed and when I wake in the middle of the night, I take the other half of a 50 mg tablet. I was taking Ambien and it made me sleepy enough to doze off, but I would wake up every 2 hours and had trouble falling back to sleep. So far, Trazodone is the best for me for insomnia. I still wake up after a few hours, but can go back to sleep after taking the other half. Hope this helps someone! I know how bad insomnia is!
6174	5.0	I have just started and taken 5 tabs over 5 nights of 50mg per day. I wake up tired and have dry mouth.   My jaw has been very clenchy and tight over the past 2 days.   I am hoping things will settle and I will feel less anxious.
6175	7.0	I have been taking Trazodone for about 2 weeks for anxiety and sleeping problems. After about 2 nights of taking it, I started getting good results and have been sleeping great and anxiety improved. Only setback is the next day after a good nights sleep, I am very tired, sleepy and at times have a weak feeling throughout the day. When evening comes, this problem seems to go away. Also get very mild headaches. 
6176	8.0	Having taken other medications in the past for severe anxiety, my experiences did vary from sleeplessness to complete and utter loopiness (without control of all my mental faculties). This medicine, taken at night however, I had noticed that the adjustment takes about ten to fifteen days, is absolutely wonderful and very effective for my condition. My only regret is that I hadn't discovered it five years ago.
6177	9.0	Been on it since I was 29. Panic attacks almost non existent. Since been on it bad nausea and vertigo when first taking it, cut dosage to 50 mg a day at bedtime.
6178	8.0	I take 100mg trazodone at night. It almost completely resolves both my chronic insomnia and evening/night time anxiety (didn't have anxiety during day). For my depression, it seems to keep me from the very bottom but not very high. But it is worth it to be able to sleep.
6179	9.0	Trazodone works great for me. I was put on a Prozac for anxiety/depression issues, and Trazodone also for my anxiety related sleep issues. I've been using it for about 8 months now. I take 50mg every night, and I sleep great through the night and feel great the next day. Sometimes if I've had too much caffeine during the day or have something really important happening the next day I'll take a whole pill (100mg.) The 100mg does make me a little drowsy but it usually wears off by mid morning. When I first started taking it I did get dry mouth and had some stomach problems (which could have been caused by the Prozac) but those went away after the first month. It has really helped my anxiety levels and ensures I get a good nights sleep.
6180	8.0	I was experiencing nightmares and terrors due to post traumatic stress disorder. They had me wired to the point of insomnia. I knew they weren't real, but the memory in the dream had been real so I was entirely overwhelmed every night with anxiety about going to sleep. I would take 50mg of trazodone every night and within 20 minutes no anxiety and within another 10 min I was dozing off. The only thing was I did have harder time waking in the morning mild hangover, but nothing a spot of coffee and shower did not remedy.  I get a full nights sleep now without waking in the middle of the night in a cold sweat or screaming.
6181	8.0	I was prescribed this medication for anxiety because other anxiety medications caused insomnia.  It definitely helps with the irritability I was experiencing.  I sleep well if I take half of a 50mg pill.  Unfortunately, when I take a whole pill, I have trouble sleeping.  Despite not sleeping well, I usually have more energy and I am more productive the next day when I take a higher dose.  I also noticed that when I'm taking this medication I sometimes have a hard time speaking, words come out jumbled!  Overall, this medicine has the least amount of side effects of all the medications I've taken for anxiety (no appetite gain, no sexual side effects, no headaches or mood swings).
6182	10.0	"As with everything in life, I found that propranolol makes a significant difference to anxiety symptoms and helps me personally calm down/perform to my ability when public speaking.

I work in the banking sector and experience extreme pressure and stress on occasions.

It is a major game player and I would highly recommend for people that suffer and feel hindered by this awful condition.  I also found my confidence significantly improved.

However occasionally after use I do feel worn out, tired and emotionless.  Also I can get headaches and chest pain

Therefore I would suggest to only use when you really need to and under extreme pressure.  It will make a significant difference for you."
6183	9.0	I started taking propranolol 10mg last week. For the last 10 years I've been suffering from anxiety and depression but never asked for help as I didn't want it getting noted on my file. I was put on propranolol 10mg for my anxiety which I thought would never go away - the overthinking the racing heart etc. Well this tablet was a life saver (literally). My confidence has came back, I don't get anxious anymore, it really is a miracle drug. I am going continue to take this twice a day 10mg in the morning  and 10mg at 17.00pm. I would rate this medication 10 stars but it makes you tired throughout the day which sucks. Anyone with anxeity should 100% try this its amazing.
6184	10.0	This drug is amazing. I don't have any real anxiety disorders but I used to be horrible in presentations. I used to shake so much and have a flushed face and people used to tell me that they felt I was crying while presenting ! But then I got introduced to propranolol. I take 10-20mg an hour before a presentation. You still get nervous you feel your heart beating and even people can see you're a bit nervous so at least you don't look like a drugged robot. However you don't get the shakiness anymore, no more redness, and you talk with confidence. For me so far I have used it like 4 times in two years and I never saw any side effects - maybe it depends on the person and  their blood pressure whether u will have side effects or not. I do highly recommend this drug but do not recommend taking more than 40 mg for presentation purposes and always take it after a meal.
6185	1.0	I don't recommend this to anyone who has low blood pressure. Mine is very low and my doctor was hesitant to give me propranolol but eventually agreed to let me try it.  I was told to only take it for performance anxiety or on days when my anxiety is particularly bad, but the few times I have taken it I have experienced awful side effects. Within 45 minutes of taking the pill I begin to sweat profusely, I can feel that my heart rate has slowed down but the beats start to feel irregular and I get chest and stomach pains. A few hours after taking the pill I feel so weak and light-headed I can barely form sentences or walk, and I feel disorientated and confused. So if you have low blood pressure or low iron levels like I do, I strongly advise you try something else!
6186	10.0	"After 14 years of battling with horrendous physical anxiety, social, work etc, which consisted of my neck and face being brought to hot blood red from this and me looking like a complete idiot (as if there’s something wrong with me) I made an appointment at the doctors.... 
I was prescribed 40mg 3 times a day, ALL that anxiety and redness in my neck and face has gone, my cheeks are actually cool, I feel calm, finally! 
After all the comments from others about my appearance, running away from social situations, and declining invitations for social events etc, it’s as if it is over, I have only been taking a couple of days but worked instantly, let’s pray this carries on.
For anybody else in my previous situation I recommend a strong daily dose of this!"
6187	3.0	"I have generalized anxiety disorder, major depressive disorder and panic attack disorder. 
I'm on 20 mg Lexapro, 200mg amitriptyline and 1-3 mg Clonazepam a day. When I get bad heart palpitations and/or angina (chest pain) from anxiety I take propranolol 40-120mg. Usually 40-80mg takes care of those heart symptoms but doesn't help any other anxiety symptoms. Just angina and fast heart beat."
6188	10.0	"Hi I just felt the need to share my experience as a lot of people will be in my position. I'm a normally very confident lad, I work in a restaurant so I regularly communicate with people I don't know without issues, I do however fall to pieces when in a presentation situation, exam or interview where anxiety seems to set in, I get shakey and my mind can go completely blank.
I looked online for a possible cure for this when I came across propranolol, I ordered some online via an online UK med store and tested them out today before my apprenticeship test, I honestly can't believe how well they worked, I was talkative and could think throughout the test, an absolute great and staple for hard situations from now on!"
6189	5.0	I recently was put on this medication  after being on 40mg for a week with zero effect they upped the dose to 80mg once a day still no change at all except being more tired and not being able to concentrate. Going to stick with it though will post another update soon
6190	10.0	I've been on Xanax for the last 3 years following a bout with Seratonin Syndrome due to taking St. Johns Wart. I've tried Paxil, Celexa and Trazodone which landed me in the hospital with tachycardia, and feeling much worse than when I started. My doctor weaned me off all meds and has had me on Xanax for anxiety (which I didn't have before the Seratonin Syndrome) and I still have anxiety on a daily basis, along with rapid heart rate. I started seeing a new doctor recently and she suggested Propranolol for my heart and said it would also help my anxiety. After much debate I decided I had to try something, especially since I now refuse to take any kind of SSRI'S. So, I asked for the lowest dose, 10mg twice a day, started with 5mg at first and I'm still working my way up. I've been on this medication for a week now and I feel so much more calm, my heart rate is now in the 80's opposed to the 120's and I don't feel the need to take as much Xanax as before. Glad I gave this drug a try!
6191	2.0	Been taking propranolol for about two weeks or so first does was 40mg twice a day first 6 days were fine the 7th day I was lying on the bed and it felt as if my head didn’t work like it was switched off. Went back to the doctors who lowered it 10mg and still I feel the same 
6192	10.0	I have had great results with this medication. It does not make me tired like lorazepam or other anxiety medications used on an as needed bases. Everyone will have a different response to this medication, but its worth talking to your healthcare provider about.
6193	2.0	I would not advise  to take propanol for anxiety.  It  made me  have bad blood circulation pains in legs, paranoid,  cold hands, cold feet, very tired. Just take anxiety tablets  instead.
6194	10.0	Only been on this medication for one week and already feel a lot more calm, taking for anxiety, manic bouts of anger/frustration and overthinking. Feel so much calmer already and certain situations that would usually provoke my anger I don’t even feel bothered about. Only downside is when I took the 2 pills a day I had really bad insomnia so have lessened the dosage to 1 pill.
6195	1.0	I take 10mg 3 times a day and it does nothing for me. It hasn’t helped with the anxiety attacks at all. I feel like I might as well not take them at all as I can’t tell the difference
6196	10.0	I was feeling from the adverse effects from stopping Valium after 10 years. Propranolol helps me to just feel myself normal again. It is amazing because I can now feel and think without the side effects of ceasing Valium. I take 40mg four times a day... Great medicine and without tolerance and addiction.
6197	9.0	Immediately after my neurologist raised my propranolol I felt my anxiety go down significantly.
6198	1.0	Was prescribed 10mg propranolol after sudden onset intermittent supraventricular tachycardia, borderline ventricular tachycardia, due to PTSD. Have taken many SSRIs and SNRIs with horrible side effects or received no results. My doctor thought this would be a good next step. Well... not so much. Took my first dose and within 45 minutes started feeling dizzy, lightheaded, and nauseous. Nausea progressed to the point of vomiting and dry heaving for 4 hours until I could keep Zofran down. Also it made my blood pressure bottom out to 86/58 [clinically hypotensive], normal BP 110/70. Due to IBS I'm more prone to GI side effects but never experienced anything do severe. Doctor told me to immediately discontinue and prescribed Atenolol to replace it. We shall see how that goes.
6199	2.0	This has to be the worst tablet I've ever taken so many side affects just not suitable for me started on 80mg a day 1st day blurred vision increased anxiety heart beats irregular paranoia.  It made my life hell for 13 months in the end decided to wean off it and I am now on 10 mg twice a day and feel like my old self the next couple of weeks I'll be completely off it and never again will I go on this drug
6200	10.0	Tried xanax serotonin uptake inhibitors and did not help me with my panic attacks and anxiety. Only propranolol helped me and i was relieved from symptoms of constant tachycardia and palpitations.. best medicine ever.
6201	10.0	Was very tense with anxiety and panic attacks using propranolol 10mg x times a day. Amazing drug helped me a lot. Hats off to the guy who developed.
6202	10.0	"I was prescribed this drug for performance anxiety and I have been extremely pleased. I take it an hour before a presentation or important meeting and it completely helps me function and perform normally. I’m still nervous, but it’s not debilitating and the symptoms like rapid heart beat, shaky voice, shaky hands, and flushed face are GONE.

The doctor that prescribed this made a great point, he said “this won’t take away all of your nerves but you never want to lose that completely anyway. A healthy level of nervousness keeps you sharp, and the day you lose all nerve, it’s over.”"
6203	4.0	This drug is great for calming you down I've been on 40mg a day and the side affects are horrendous trying to wean myself off them 1st day I took it I had blurred vision I've had aching in my left arm since I started taking it feel worse the only good thing is it calms you down but the side affects are not worth it
6204	5.0	Difficult to rate this drug as initially it had a dramatic positive effect - if I took enough, 40 to 120 mg. Or more (I only used it when required i.e. when anxiety/panic/feelings of paranoia became a problem.)  But after some years of this occasional use the drug has become completely non-effective. Reading new packet inserts, I note that propranolol is no longer described as a treatment for anxiety. So has the formula been changed? At my last visit to a doctor I was told that nothing much else was available to prescribe aside from citilapram, propranolol ...and he prescribed 2 mg diazepam, which astonished me. I stopped using that (in higher dose) years ago, and don't see it as any sort of answer. I intend to see another doctor.
6205	1.0	Just found out after 4 months of using this drug 40mg a day for anxiety that it can cause HEART FAILURE in otherwise healthy adults. In low dose this drug will definitely stop the pounding heart beat but I notice if I have a panic attack my heart still races. I'm sure if you took 80mg a day that wouldn't be a problem though. Shortness of breath too after taking, I'd strongly advise against this drug. Find something else.
6206	10.0	I suffer from severe panic attacks, OCD tendencies, and crippling anxiety. This is the only med that works for me. It's absolutely amazing. I'm severely allergic to antidepressants (anaphylaxis) so this was my only option along with Ativan if needed. Most of the time the propranolol is enough and I don't need anything else. I take 10mg twice a day, when my panic was severe I took 60mg slow release tablets. Absolutely 0 side effects. This drug is a god send for me. CBT therapy helped me cope mentally with my anxiety and the propranolol takes away all my physical symptoms of anxiety. Amazing drug, saved my life... if you have anxiety give it a chance I'm telling you it's so worth it
6207	10.0	"Went through a tough time at work which was causing severe anxiety. Called the Dr who prescribed this drug.
Initially felt drowsy and a bit spaced out (this only lasted a day so maybe take in to account when you first start using)
Effects are fantastic! Slowed everything down enough to get clarity of thought, speech &amp; actions without imparing cognitive or physical function. Less reactive &amp; less snappy! Wish I'd known about it earlier.
It won't make issues go away or solve them but it will help take a logical clear view of the situation and hopefully make better decisions."
6208	10.0	"WOW  I've just come home after delivering my big presentation to over 100 people. It was incredible. No panic, no shaking voice, no crazy beating heart, just calm....
I'm blown away.. normally I can't even talk to over 3 people. Didn't realise how much social anxiety had limited my life until trying this medication- I feel like I can finally be me.  
Sadly It was only prescribed as a one off from my GP to help with this event, she said I'll need to try counselling in future."
6209	10.0	I was apprehensive to take this. My heart was beating out of my chest, I was weak, hot flashes...weird stuff. I have been on 10 mg a day now for a month and I am starting to feel like my old self. I have been exercising more and seeing a therapist also, but I think this drug made me functional again. It has been a lifesaver.
6210	1.0	Propranolol worked for my anxiety but it also lowered my blood pressure too much which I ended up in the hospital. So when you see your doctor make sure you get the lowest dose at first.
6211	7.0	2 years ago I started to experience internal tremors, with that came the feeling I couldn't inhale enough air into my body to breath, my leg muscles would twitch, and achy arm and leg muscles. Bedtimes where horrendous, I could feel my pulse/heartbeat in every inch of my body, as I fell asleep (when I did) my body would jerk me awake again, I became easily startled even with familiar noises, so I went to the doctor who said I was suffering from anxiety, citralopram was prescribed and after 6 weeks I felt better, I took it for 5 months and then was weaned off, 3 days ago after 4 months with no symptoms, all the feelings are back, prescribed propranolol 10mg 3 x daily, quick acting, it's early days but fingers crossed,
6212	10.0	I used to shake, get nauseous, dry mouthed, and blush terribly when I had to give presentations. This medication got me through college. Eventually, I didn't need them anymore for presentations. Still take one before an interview though! Doesn't cure nervousness, but removes the symptoms! Love it!
6213	5.0	"I was diagnosed with anxiety disorder which I knew I had but never treated as I was skeptical ...

Using propranolol on 10mg 2 times a day or 20 mg at night never more ...it was ok for a short time and worked instantly but symptoms returned 3 x worse than ever ..

I don't take anything now and try not to rely to much on medication 

Anxiety never leaves me I'm shaking now with nerves

Thanks but I wont take them again"
6214	6.0	I have to say after my major anxiety attack my Doc put me on propranolol 50mg and sertraline 50 mg but neither did enough and I was experiencing severe body shakes and feel like I have a lump in my throat constantly making me retch all the time. This was now 4 months ago now doctor has upped both my Meds 100mg sertraline and 160 mg propranolol per day they are dosing me up but swallowing problem still a major issue
6215	10.0	After years and yrs of chronic anxiety having tried citalopram &amp; diazepam and still I was having major bad all day long anxiety I finally give in to the propranolol  (I was on this years ago but I didn't like it) all I can say is its absolutely amazing....I'm only needing between 10 &amp; 20mg a day and honestly it's a life saver. I am the women who couldn't even take her kids to school without someone being with me and now I'm off and I don't panic about every situation anymore!! Try it...it's fab xx
6216	10.0	Amazing!!! Only 20 mg took away all fight or flight symptoms during presentations. I couldn't be more happy with this drug, I highly recommend!!
6217	10.0	This medication is a incredible for relieving physical symptoms. I went through years of struggling with various other medications and it was only recently a younger doctor said okay let's try this. Now I gave this a 10/10 for a reason but when I first started taking it (the 1st night) I felt high. The next day I had an incredibly low mood and sub-degree freezing temperatures which lasted 2 days before I went back to a doctor who said they are well known transient side effects that will go away after 2 weeks so I stuck it out and after a week and a half I felt so much better - my severe hand tremor went away, facial ticking reduced and my body stopped constantly pumping adrenaline! Note: I use in conjunction with mirtazapine.
6218	9.0	"This is only my 2nd day of taking this wonderful drug.. I've had horrendous anxiety. I've been taking Xanax but it never has given me the immediate relief this medication has. Right now I'm on 20mg once a day.. The Dr said we can increase after we see if it works. I would love to be able to get off the Xanax all together and just take this. 
I don't feel jittery, my hands don't shake and I feel an inner calmness.. 
I've been taking it at night when I go to bed. For the first time in I don't know how long I was able to sleep 6 hrs straight. Usually it's only 3-4 and that's with the help if a sleeping pill.. 
So going to give it a little while longer and ask for an increase in this medication and to be weaned off of the Xanax."
6219	9.0	Years of anxiety GAD and depression countless pills and potions this one was prescribed for twice a day or as and whenever I need. This is only week two and the difference is greatly visible my sleep patterns improved my appetite also better I feel less shaky and wound up and have coped better on situations which would have stressed me before. All though it is early days I really think this is the medication for me for now it is doing exactly what it is supposed to and would recommend it if allowed for someone else in my situation :)
6220	8.0	I've just been prescribed these today and Im feeling a little better already I've recently come out of a 6 year relationship not by my choice and I've been really down and having panic attacks which is no good when trying to look after a three year old but I'm feeling a lot less tense and my minds not on overdrive like usual
6221	9.0	Changed my life
6222	10.0	I'm only on day 1 but it has calmed my heart rate right down from 140bpm to 88bpm
6223	9.0	I was prescribed with Propranolol 80mg for anxiety while driving... I was so scared to drive! My mouth would go dry (my mouth would stop producing saliva - seriously!), I would sweat under my arms profusely, my legs would feel like jelly after stepping out of the car, my feet would twitch as I was SO nervous! I take one 80mg tablet before driving (I sometimes take two if I'm feeling very anxious). I resumed driving today and it was a much better experience! I didn't sweat at all, I don't feel scared, my legs don't feel like jelly, my mouth still goes dry but it's not a huge problem like it was - as I could not produce saliva at all as I was so nervous! Lastly, I do not twitch at all! I do not have any side effects, such as nightmares.
6224	10.0	I have been suffering with this anxiety problem for years and it was starting to interfere with my life.  I am a confident person socially, but my fear of presentations was huge and I would my voice would tremble to the extent where it sounded like I was full on crying. I researched medication for this fear and found propanolol. My doctor prescribed me with 80mg Half Inderal (Propanolol) and despite what some say, he was not hesitant about giving me a prescription and said he regularly gives it to musicians/public speakers etc. It has worked wonders for me, I no longer embarrass my self and now feel happy and confident. You may still feel nervy, but the adrenaline does not kick in. I have not suffered any symptoms and only take it seldomly.
6225	10.0	This drug is and amazing drug for anxiety. I've been on it for about two weeks and I feel so much better. I cannot take an SSRI or SNRI for anxiety because The side effects are too bad. This drug keeps my body from reacting to stressful situations. For years, probably 30 years I have had physical problems because of this stress. Irritable bowel  and many other physical problems. I have a very stressful job and it was getting so bad I didn't want to go to work. Now I don't react physically to stress and  I am feeling like I did as a younger person. This drug has so little side effects and it's been around for a long time.  I wish I would've tried this year's ago.
6226	10.0	"I have a one year old child, I work 4 days a week, I'm buying my first house and my dad passed away. I'm the only family my dad had so I had a huge responsibility to sort. I coped as well as I could have until the third week where it hit me. Traumatic stress. I went back to work, my jobs intense and socially demanding (sales).
I couldn't cope or continue to live with how I felt. The doctor gave me these tablets as well as antidepressants and I feel the worlds weight has been lifted off my shoulders. I am free to function normally and get through each day now. However I do feel the tablets wear off and the anxiety creeps in. 

Perfect quick fix but the underlying issue is still there. However, I don't have to deal with that right now!"
6227	3.0	"Golly I am disappointed. I tried this for my anxiety because it was getting out of control. I could not extend conversations beyond a minute or so without getting all flustered. Could not think, started to sweat, heart beat faster, tightness in my chest, hands tingle, could not breathe. None of those are fun things! Even basic day to day stuff like getting a haircut would freak me out enough to avoid. My hair looks terrible now! So my Psychologist and MD recommended this drug. He, the MD, told me he took it himself for public speaking . ""Take one 10 mg tablet and a feeling of calm washes over me."" Unfortunately I have been taking it three days now, two 10 mg pills three times a day, and I feel absolutely nothing."
6228	10.0	I got diagnosed with general anxiety discorder at 26 after I had surgery which went wrong. I had a diagnostic procedure on my womb and they punctured my bladder 3 times and I got left with a catheter. I'm a director of a business and am often having to present and do talks to very high profile people I started to lose my confidence and started getting panic attacks which I couldn't control and make worse. I've tried everything possible and then went on to propranolol only 10mg to take as and when I feel anxious, I've been taking one in the morning as I wake up anxious and usually that lasts all day, sometimes I take one in the afternoon if I feel I need it. Its changed my life and I now have my confidence back
6229	10.0	I'm terrified of medication.... Basically a phobia, I have severe panic attacks.... If your like me... Try this drug! Made me confident around anyone! Amazing drug for anyone with social anxiety or panic attacks! It helps me in every single aspect of my life. Work, relationships, in every way I was more confident and basically the person I always wanted to be. Confident! No anxiety holding me back! Still terrified of trying new medications but this is one drug I'm so glad I took... And I still take when I feel like I need it. Oh and best part... I have no side effects! At all. I'm the type of person who will panic over even a small side effect and stop taking a medication because of it.... But with this medicine I feel amazing.
6230	8.0	Put on propranol for anxiety 80 mg three times daily. I thought this was a high dose but haven't had a true panic attack since. I still get mild anxiety but it's nothing like before. Helped me to wean off clonazepam so  I would say it's been helpful.
6231	10.0	Absolutely incredible. Tried Xanax the first time with horrible side effects, switched to propranolol and it honestly was too good to be true. I couldn't believe that it actually worked. Totally doubted medication until I was prescribed propranolol and my PTSD med.
6232	9.0	"I started taking this prescription Medication since August, to control what I call ""Blushing Attacks"",in which seem to transpire out of nowhere during a conversation, and quickly snowball until the situation becomes so awkward I have to leave the room quickly as I am sweating quite badly. Although I normally take the lowest dose, (10 mg) as when I feel going into a stressful situation, it has allievated my symptoms 90% of the time. Today I had a mild ""Blushing Attack"" after taking my 10 mg tablet, but it basically stopped what would have been a severe one two thirds in its tracks. On that note, with the advice from My doctor I may take a 20mg tablet next time I feel particularly stressed, and just 10mg in just everyday situations. 9/10."
6233	10.0	Was suffering from crippling anxiety with panic attacks.  I had one whilst driving which forced me to address the issue and see my doctor.  Within three days of taking Propranalol, I feel better that the usual me before the panic attacks and anxiety.  What a wonderful thing.  No side effects apart from I had one glass of wine with supper and felt as if I had had ten!
6234	10.0	I am a college student and I have panic disorder. This medication has gotten me through so much; whether that be class presentations, job interviews, and taking exams. This medication works to slow my heart rate down so whenever I am in an anxiety-provoking situation, I will not get the fight-or-flight symptoms like shakes, fast heartbeat, stuttering, and most importantly panic attacks. This pill will not cure your nervousness or worry, but it sure as hell will take away the symptoms caused by such. I hate going up in front of people to speak, but with this drug I am so calm that no one even knows that I was ever nervous.
6235	10.0	I take 10mg as needed for anxiety. It works better than any other medication &amp; it's nonadditive.
6236	10.0	I started to have severe anxiety and panic attacks after a car accident. This drug did wonders! Before the accident when my anxiety was small I took 20mg whenever I felt anxious and it made me feel amazing! No anxiety whatsoever! After the car accident my doctor up the dose to 60mg every day because I was panicking a lot!.... Now that I'm calmer I take 10mg once a day. This drug really makes a difference!! For the better! I shake when I'm super anxious and it also makes you super steady. I felt very confident! It mainly works for physical anxiety symptoms, if I still am panicking mentally after I take the propranolol then I'll take half of a 0.5 Ativan to help...but Its an amazing drug! Try it! I'm terrified of meds but this one is amazing!
6237	9.0	Have tried other medication (Sertraline) previously and experienced some nasty side effects. This time I requested something different and was prescribed Propranolol hydrochloride. I must say I have noticed a vast improvement in my stress and anxiety levels and have not had any nasty side effects. I am grateful to have finally found something that works.
6238	9.0	I've always had GAD and some performance anxiety only with school or work related tasks. I've never really trembled uncontrollably until I started a new career in the medical field. Past few months my anxiety attacks have increased for reasons it wouldn't have in the past.I've always had service industry jobs. Needless to say I now need to take 10mg twice daily to perform my job without running away. It does its job well as far as the physical symptoms with a calming effect but mentally you still may have thoughts. Do I wish I didn't have to take a daily med for anxiety? Of course but with this med I still feel like myself without the panic, SSRI's made me feel numbed out but help a lot of people. I prefer propanolol at this point.
6239	10.0	I usually don't write reviews for stuff like this, but I took this today for the first time (40mg tablet)- Over the past several months I have been really struggling to get through work meetings, presentations and general social events. Even driving has been a struggle as I get irritable very easily lately, especially in peak hour traffic. I break out into a sweat and get really hot, I bounce my legs and become fidgety, my chest tightens, heart races and I cannot think properly. I start to stress out because I cannot control the physical symptoms and it just makes it worse. It has been absolutely exhausting. Today I felt normal for the first time in awhile, while driving and facilitating groups, meeting new people. Everything was fine :)
6240	9.0	"Rode the depression roller coaster for several years, and after series of traumatic events in my early 20s, I lived in such a constant state of panic, I could hardly leave my house. I was Diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder at 26. I tried an SSRI with no success. My doctor prescribed propranolol (20mg, twice a day) and while I thought it was a long-shot, I gave it a try. I felt a change within a day or two: naturally relaxed, not drugged or drowsy or high, or anything weird.
So here I am, 18 months later, fully functional and feeling 'normal'. I do get slightly anxious on rare occasions, but it's nothing that stops me from taking care of business."
6241	9.0	Taking 40mg as needed for social anxiety. Found it to be highly effective. Talking to strangers usually triggers a level of uncomfortableness to the point where I disengaged from the conversation after a short while. Helps alleviate those symptoms. Much more engaged in conversation overall, focusing on the subject matter of the conversation rather than eccentricities of myself, other person, etc.
6242	10.0	"this is so good i feel way better no stress.
confidence boost happy times are here:)
thanks for the doctors who made it......"
6243	9.0	"propranolol IS EFFECTIVE in relieving anxiety (caused by family and\or social stress). I use it myself, once daily as a 40 mg tablet. except that, in the first hour, it may make you feel dizzy. it calms you down through regulating your blood pressure and heartbeat (which are almost always present with anxiety\mania).
if you feel dizziness or cold extremities too often, you might want to consult your physician or pharmacist to lower the dose of INDERAL to 10 mg twice daily."
6244	9.0	"For many years, I have suffered from debilitating panic attacks. I have taken anything you can fathom: benzos, (which do work but only for about 2 hours) antidepressants, etc. I was hesitant to take this medication, but, I'm glad i did/ do. I noticed a significant decrease in anxiety attacks, (which I was having every day) on the first day! Try getting that from an antidepressant! I currently take 30mg a day. I do get ""anxious"" but haven't had a full blown attack for months. I also take buspirone. For any mild anxiety I take gabepentin and hydroxyzine. (together) The only complaints I have are the weight gain, and overall lack of energy. I find myself wanting a nap on the daily. I'd rather have the extra lb, than ever live likr that again."
6245	1.0	I see so many positive reviews here. I am happy for you folks. I was using Clonazepam to control my general anxiety until the Veterans Administration decided to stop prescribing them. My doctor put me on propranolol, unfortunately it had no effect on my generalized anxiety.  I see that it seems to benefit those with societal anxiety so thats good. Unfortunately for me benzos are the only thing that seems to help. Hard to find a doctor who will prescribe them now.
6246	10.0	"I have suffered with anxiety and depression a number of years now. Finally over coming for the most part depression I was left with horrible anxiety. It built up month after month - i tried everything nothing worked. Until one day my doctor prescribed me beta blockers. My life has turned around! I take them as needed. Never more than 2 xs 40mg per day. Usually just one - rare 2 and some days none at all. 

It did give me insomnia at first but that has leveled out. Im so much calmer - my work output is up and im feeling better than I have in years! Propranolol has been a total life changer for me in the positive. Big thumbs up!"
6247	8.0	"For the last several months I was having what You call ""Blushing Attacks""? at work. Uncontrollable intense blushing when I had to socialise with several people at one time. However, after my Doctor prescribed this drug to Me, I took 10 mg today before My shift and just like that there was nothing. I felt nervous sometimes but My body just remained in total control with no sweating or embarrassing red face. I would have taken 15 mg's on further thought, but it basically did the trick. I didn't really feel drowsy or anything just way more rational in thought and more or less laid back, and less stressed at the end of My shift."
6248	10.0	I recently got prescribed propranolol at 10MG once a day for 2 weeks the. Got increased to 80MG and now I'm on 2, 80MG tablets a day for severe anxiety, neck pain and migraines. And it's worked an absolute treat! Noticed a difference straight away and when i forget to take them for a couple of days o get s migraine instantly!!
6249	5.0	Propranolol seems to only slightly help with anxiety for me. Sometimes when I get REALLY stressed my blood pressure and pulse will get pretty high, I find propranolol more useful for that situation.
6250	9.0	"I took Propranolol for over a year,  for Anxiety. Worked brilliantly!

I've seen a lot of bad reviews here,  saying it doesn't work and it annoys me because people clearly don't understand exactly what the Propranolol does and how it works... 

Propranolol does NOT take away Anxiety as in the psychological side to it, like feeling nervous. It is a medication that slows down the heart. So if you get fast heart/palpitations due to Anxiety, that is what it is used. It's not a benzo that will affect your mood, it just slows your heart down."
6251	1.0	I ened up having frequently urination muscle pain and twitching and major fatigue. Pressure headaches and pain in my left leg and stomach cramps I stopped 3 days ago and already feeling better,this has been the worse thing I have ever taking
6252	4.0	Dr. prescribed Propranolol 10mg twice a day for mild anxiety and stress/panicy feelings. Noticed a difference in hand shakiness, tight chested, short of breath and feelings of extreme stress, but my vision was badly effected and I literally could not read words that before hand I had no trouble in reading! Everything was blurred and very disconcerting. I stopped taking it after 2weeks as I wanted my sight back.
6253	8.0	Hi everyone. My healthy professional prescribed me Propanolol 40mg dosage. I supposed to take it 3 times a day but I just take it whenever I need it. I founded it really useful with my symptoms such as very low mood, depression and anxiety. Although this med makes me feel so so tired after 22.00 when I take my last pill. I mean I can't even talk or do uni work. Next day I sleep like till 11, 12 which is quite bad. I actually can't even get out of my bed.... I only take this meds when I need it.
6254	9.0	"Hi all,

I've suffered with anxiety all my life due to a turbulent childhood. In recent  years I have gradually become a lot worse, to the point the I was self harming and I overdosed on prozac when I was nineteen.

I'm in my late thirties now and it's reared it's ugly head again, it took over me and my life about two years ago. I began to dread going out, traffic stresses me as do people laughter makes me feel scared, it impacted my sleep  and my job, which consequently I've had to give up; I simply wasn't coping.

Recently I've been put on 80mg of propanalol and my word!! I feel so calm!, I'm so relieved!
It's a brilliant medication!"
6255	10.0	3 things I take it for, ADHD symptom relief, anxiety disorder and very high, dangerous  blood pressure problems. I used to take 160mg ER, but my dose had been cut to 20mg IR twice a day, for various reasons and concerns. But I can tell you when your on a higher dose, the hunger issue is not an issue, you don't eat, I didn't. When they cut me to the smaller dose my hunger after meals was gargantuan still and I take Adderall too, which is a severe appetite suppressant itself. This stuff gave me my life back. It works for some and not for others. I couldn't live without it.
6256	8.0	I was having panic attack and tested myself again and again my heart rate was 145 at resting 30mins after taking 10mg it went back to normal and relaxed me and relieved me of chest pain does work
6257	6.0	"I was prescribed propranolol years ago as a preventative medication for migraines. There was no change in the number of headaches I experienced in a month with the medication, so I stopped taking it. My doctor recently prescribed propranolol as needed for anxiety. I have high anxiety in social situations. I took it recently before a party and felt more calm and less self conscious. I still felt inhibited when it came to talking to people. I also experienced a dramatic increase in appetite.

This medication seems helpful for anxiety, but I was not expecting to be so hungry after meals."
6258	10.0	I have a really bad case of anxiety, including not being able to sit, having panic attack after panic attack, not being able to stay at work.  I also have a benign tremor.  I was on Gabapentin, Risperdal and Lamictal.  Didn't work.  My body has the opposite effect of what is supposed to happen for most drugs.  I have my psych completely confused.  I suggested Propanolol to her just to try and after someone suggested it to me.  Two doses of 10 mg a day.  I have been on Propanolol for 2 weeks and OH MY GOD, as far as I can tell this is a miracle drug.  My anxiety is GONE.  My shakes are GONE.  No side effects, except maybe increased hunger.  Hard to tell, because risperdal does that to me too.  I cannot explain how amazing I feel!
6259	9.0	"It worked for me
I didn't leave my house for months except to go to the doctor.  I had to lean on my husband to get to the car
Doing much better now
I can even attend family occasions
This is much better than Xanax, which I had a very hard time getting off of."
6260	9.0	I'm 18. After a terrible experience on citalopram (antidepressant) to treat anxiety i was really reluctant to take any more medication,. I wanted to feel normal and be able to enjoy the company of others again, i bit the bullet and took 40mg propanolol and within in an hour, i was perfectly still and could concentrate on my work rather than the physical symptoms i could feel!! It also gave me cold hands and feet and breath, but i can more than deal with that!! I also have asthma but as long as i dont do anything too strenuous im fine. I also did a speech this week in a calm collected manner. Doesnt stop the cognitive symptoms like worrying but taking the physical symptoms stops the cycle in its tracks. So glad i was offered this drug.
6261	1.0	"I was given Propranolol for heart palpitations. It was ongoing for a few days due to anxiety and stress. I was given 10mg to be taken twice a day and three times a day for 3 days.

I did not react well to this medication. Day two I started to feel drunk, and in another world. My eye slight was not right. I was unable to eat, I couldn't sleep, it caused severe panic, shaking, sweating.

I stopped taking it after day 4. Stopping this medication suddenly can be unsafe for people with heart issues, but I had to stop taking it due to the side effects. It caused me horrible withdrawal even after 4 days of taking, I was even more sick after I had stopped. It's now day 6 after stopping, and I'm almost back to normal. I do not recommend this product"
6262	9.0	I was in the process of discontinuing a SSRI antidepressant and struggling with out-of-nowhere bouts of intense anxiety. I could literally sit at my desk, read something relaxing and then I would suddenly feel my heart racing, stomach cramping, hands becoming very cold but sweaty at the same time - for no reason. Then obviously my mind picked up on that, anxious racing thoughts appeared, I was getting some chest pains too. After an attack like that it was really hard to calm down, so then I couldn't fall asleep. 10mg propranolol in the morning was enough to stop these attacks from occurring and somehow without those nasty physical symptoms my anxiety levels were much lower, so I was able to carry on working/socializing without any problems.
6263	3.0	This didn't do much of anything for my anxiety. It took away some of the physical symptoms, but I was still anxious and I still had panic attacks. It also made my blood pressure lower than it already was, so I was pretty sluggish. I can see how it would work well for someone who only has performance anxiety, but I don't recommend it for people like me.
6264	10.0	I used to be a confident person until I was in an abusive relationship for several years. After that, I couldn't launch my legal career because I would tremble and have a racing heart for days before an anticipated stressful event such as a deposition or hearing. I have an uncontrollable fear of angry men. I've had therapy, tried self-soothing, meditation, lorazapam, nothing worked until propranolol. I take 10mg before an anticipated stressful event, and all my anxiety melts away, with no trembling, heart pounding. Best of all, there seem to be no side effects - I don't feel like I'm on any drugs, I just feel like myself minus the shaking and horrible anxiety. I no longer have sleepless nights where my heart is racing because I'm so anxious
6265	9.0	I have PTSD, and this drug helped me to be able to cope with everyday situations. I 100% recommend this before you try xanax or any other more serious medication. A little help getting your heart rate down can work wonders!
6266	7.0	Reasonably safe and fast-acting drug in my opinion. I don't take these much anymore; rather here and there for things like interviews or XR for days that I know will involve agitation.I wouldn't suggest them for long-term use; not necessarily because side effects - but largely because, as someone with depression, it seemed to make it worse; i.e. I felt slightly more 'flat' and as if I was sinking lower on them. That said, pathology of depression varies a lot as does individual biology - so not everyone will have this problem. If you're looking at using them long-term you're best giving a few antidepressants a go. Otherwise, these have that wee bit of mild physical sedation ergo less hectic mental focus that can be handy here and there.
6267	10.0	I am now in my late 30's and have always been a very confident person. I work in the construction industry and have worked my way up the ladder into an executive role. 7 years ago I had my first panic attack just prior to presenting to the company. I fought my way through it - but I developed classic fear symptoms moving forward. I would worry myself sick with anxiety thinking about my next presentation.  2 yrs ago I was prescribed propranolol and it has been a life changer. No pounding heart or shortness of breath any more! I take 30mg before a presentation /10mg before a stressful meeting that I need to run / 5mg in the morning can calm me on a stressful day. I thought I needed to change careers at One point - not anymore - Miracle Med!
6268	10.0	I have all the time a panic attacks daily. I've been prescribed different SSRIs over the last 10 years and they haven't helped. Also, I've been taking xanax x3 times a day for the last 3 years. I just started taking propranolol and I've noticed it works wonders. I don't get chest pains and the racing heat beat. I've reduced my xanax use to only once a day which is huge for me. I haven't experienced any negative side effects except for mild fatigue at the end of the day (I take it in the morning when I wake up).
6269	6.0	"I was on this medication for about a year and a half. When I did take it I was also on 13 different psychotropic medications. As you might of guessed it was/is difficult to fully understand propranolol's benefits as well as it's hinderances. I really want to believe it helped.
Honestly no one knows how you will react to any medication until you take it and observe who you are and how you act. The doctor has broader intellect with pills and function of the brain.
Put faith in your physician and have no expectations. 
GO WITH THE FLOW AND TAKE NOTES!!"
6270	9.0	Really helped stop my panic attacks. I take as needed.
6271	10.0	I have just started on 10mg inderal a day thank god and my Dr and for the med I'm hospitalized with fx hip started having terrible hot flashes  shaking and crying couldn't stop until they started me on inderal couldn't belive how they stopped and how my mind cleared up thank you
6272	9.0	Was prescribed for anxiety and fast heart beat a few months ago; taking 20 mg twice a day.  Within a day I noticed a difference.  Had a peaceful, worry-free feeling and no loud, fast heart beats.  Blood pressure has been good and also none of the terrible headaches that I had been getting more frequently.  Absolutely no side effects that I have noticed.
6273	1.0	I have been taking this medication for 7 days now at bed time was recommended by my doctor. I have been having severe nightmares... awake half the night and exhausted in the morning.I am waking to my heart rate beating faster than when I work out. I am not going to take it tonight and see what happens. I haven't read anything about the side effects I am having has anyone else had these side effects?
6274	7.0	I've been on this drug for 5 days do feel better but still having side effects still not able to eat or some other stuff.  I am still struggling wish it would go away
6275	4.0	"I was put on Deralin for the trembling in my hands- apparently fron Lithium. I couldn't hold a pen, drinking out of a glass would need two hands, water bottle would need two hands. Couldn't put make up on, the shaking could become a style of jerking, I'd hit the wrong keys on a keyboard and got the sack for making mistakes from a temp role.  The GP put me on 40mg o/d - it worked ""ok""  then 2 x 40 p/d.  It doesn't seem to work- I still can't hold a pen.  It has helped with panic attacks, that- that kick in the guts butterfly feeling has stopped. I don't feel calmer or much difference.    Lithium plus years ago Zoloft gave me diarrhea up to 18 times in 24 hour period. I hardly left the house,  well again after settling down to 6 times up to 22 time"
6276	9.0	"It is listed as one of the most important meds in history.

It is considered extremely safe and the pharmacist who developed it for heart disease won the Nobel Prize.  It has been tested and tested since 1960 and is considered the least side effect med for angina, hypertension, performance anxiety, essential tremors and general outward physical symptoms or anxiety (leg shakes, sweating, etc.)

It is one of the best and safest drugs ever designed for moderate anxiety and to prevent heart problems."
6277	10.0	I have been taking propranolol for 5 years and it's been a great. I suffer from extreme anxiety and I must say this drug has changed my life. I can now live life to the full without worrying about what people think about me. It's not ideal to have to take drugs to make you feel normal but without this drug I wouldn't be able to cope.
6278	2.0	I don't know if my doctor prescribed me the wrong dosage, but I was prescribed 10mg a day 3x a day as needed. I'm not going to say it did nothing for me, but it did next to nothing. Again, the dosage might have been wrong, but I was to take this in place on Klonopin and it just didn't help me with anxiety like Klonopin does. I actually switched doctors because the previous doctor I saw (in my opinion) did not know what she was doing. My current doctor said this was not the right med for me so he's stopped it and prescribed Neurontin in its place. I haven't started Neurontin yet, but I have a lot more faith in the new doctor I'm seeing so fingers crossed it will help me out.
6279	10.0	For the past few weeks I have been having shaky hands and anxiety during work.  This isn't good considering I'm in the dental field.  I have no idea what brought on the anxiety since I have been doing this job over 10 years.  It was getting to the point that I feared going to work the next day.  I went in and spoke with my GP about this and how I didn't want to take anti anxiety medication, but I wanted something that would stop my fast heart beat and shaky hands.  She prescribed me propranolol for the days I worked.  Well I breezed through the first day no problem.  I took 30 mg in the am and did 10mg 7 hours later.  Tomorrow, I'm just gonna do 20mg in the am to see if it's strong enough.  This is the miracle drug.
6280	9.0	First few days I had the common listed side effects, feeling sick, headaches and occassionally feeling like I thought my heart has stopped beating, all side effects have pretty much disappeared now and this medication was a life safer, been taking for 3 months 30mg twice a day and no more fight or flight response, the anxious thoughts and feelings still arise but they go away within a couple of minutes and you don't go into the cycle of anxiety   fight or flight thus causing more anxiety. Would recommend to any1 who is suffering with anxiety these are life savers al ot better than the alternative anti-depressents and diazpams etc. This medication was free for me thanks to the NHS.
6281	10.0	I have been suffering from anxiety all my life and I was prescribed propranolol 20 mg by my doctor in November to help me get through a rough time right now (working, grad school, internship). I was getting panic attacks everyday by the stress and it is amazing how well it works! I love how I get no side effects! I take it once a day in the morning and it's been working wonderfully! I just need 1 to help me get through my whole day without any physical nervous symptoms and it actually is improving my mood; so much more confident and happy which I guess is because I know anxiety will not take over my life anymore!!!
6282	10.0	I am 33 years old and have been on this medication for over 5 years, I have always suffered from anxiety and high blood pressure. This medication has helped me more on the anxiety side than my high bp, but then again anxiety contributes to high bp. This has been a miracle drug for me I have been on a low dose of 10mg a day and if I really feel on edge I take 2 a day and that's it! Because when I take 20mg my heart rate drops to about 60bpm which is pretty relaxing for me and I don't want to go on a higher dose. When my heart races I automatically take this bad boy and BAM!Can barely feel my heart pounding,which is an extreme relief.if you have anxiety and feel your heart pounding it just makes your anxiety worst,creating a viscous cycle.
6283	10.0	I take 10 mg in the morning when I have to do something that makes me nervous during the day : eg Singing in front of a crowd, performing a speech, giving a presentation. When I get nervous my body shakes really bad, and it makes my voice shake too. Having this really is a life saver! I've never had any negative effects the times I've taken it. I recommend it, but you certainly don't need much for it to work all day!
6284	5.0	I had very bad anxiety in 2008. After visiting my Dr. he prescribed Inderal. Within ten days, I became a new man. I stopped taking it since my anxiety reduced from 10 to 2. The remaining 2 degree remained within my control. This last for roughly 6 years. This was back in the Middle East where I am originally from. In 2015, my anxiety suddenly came back. This times I was/am in the US. I went to Dr and told him I had the same problem (anxiety) which I overcame it with roughly two weeks of taking Inderal. Well, he was glad that I had ready treatment for myself. But even after for 40 days of taking it with the same dosage, I did not get more than 3 in 10 improvement in my anxiety. Not sure why; whether it was my age or company/country issue.
6285	10.0	This helped me a lot. Read all the reviews and ordered online. I was so anxious at times. I could not get out a word. From school days I struggled with anxiety. I could not even do a oral test infront of my class. This went on for years. I avoid situations where I have to be infront of people. 3 weeks ago I got married. This was a miracle. I took 60mg an hour before and was feeling great!!!!! Everything went really well. Not a sign of anxiety that day. Thanks.
6286	9.0	"I was hesitant to try this yesterday when my Psychiatrist wrote the prescription for 40 mg. up to 3xs daily for my extreme anxiety I was experiencing with physical symptoms of dry heaves, migraine headache and social anxiety.
My first does made me feel slightly nauseous, but that quickly stopped.
I felt better. I did not feel my heart eating out of my chest. No heartburn. No side effects but a calm feeling"
6287	9.0	I was prescribed this when I was first medicated, and it works incredibly. I have extremely severe anxiety, with severe physical side effects just on a normal day. My body practically shuts down during an anxiety attack. I was prescribed 80mg of the extended-release capsules and within two days my physical symptoms lessened. I was still anxious, but my body stopped reacting so violently to anxiety, and my attacks toned down a lot. It's like propranolol took everything down a couple notches, so that instead of a 5 my baseline was a 2 and my anxiety attacks went from an 8 to a 4. The only thing is, don't take such a high dose immediately, try to wean onto it, because I spent plenty of time in and out of the ER because I kept passing out, oops
6288	2.0	Was on low dose (10mg) as my blood pressure is on the lower side but had pretty much no effect on my anxiety, just made me lightheaded, cold and gave me stiff fingers. Have found one use for it though- when my heart pounds at night with my insomnia propranolol certainly slows it down.
6289	1.0	Vomited for six hours after taking this. Never again for me.
6290	10.0	I have had an anxiety disorder and panic attacks for about 35 years. Prior to the medication the best medications were the benzodiazapines but I have a high tolerance to them now. This has been very helpful- no pounding heart, no head ache, no feelings of dizziness and that I am going crazy. Not sure yet if this medication is causing weight gain-too early for me to tell. I do have a little insomnia but overall I feel 100% better.
6291	10.0	I have been a longtime user of valium for ptsd brought on by wartime experience. about 10 yrs ago had to get new dr.who took me off of valium because dr said I was to old for medication.  I started having problems again and dr would not put me back on which really irritated me.  He put me on medications and nothing would help and many of them would make me feel like a zombie.  Time for new dr. and this one told me to try this propranolol.  He gave me a real light dose of 20 miligrams and since I have high blood pressure anyways I decided to give it a try but really did not think it would help.  Bingo propranolol worked and did not have any side affects. works 100 % of the time and has added enjoyment back in my life.  The VA pays for this.
6292	10.0	"I'm a 24 year old male and self employed builder and 2 months ago out of the blue I started suffering from crippling anxiety and anxiety attacks, I nearly become agoraphobic, after battling on for 2 long months I finally went to the doctor and after refusing medication the first time i decided I needed help, even though I had been doing private CBT etc it didn't help, any way my doctor prescribed me propranolol  and my God it was such a relief within an hour I said ""hang on a minute I feel normal and couldn't worry if you payed me"". It's brilliant:-D. If your suffering from anxiety etc this is a life saver."
6293	6.0	All of my life I have suffered from anxiety and it's painful I can't function In life I am sick of my life being controlled by these issues. I was prescribed this medication for my blood pressure but my Dr. mentioned it works for anxiety as well. Day 2 I feel relaxed physically but my mind still races and last night I had a very vivid nightmare which hasn't happened in a while. But I can deal with the nightmares. Today still day 2 I can actually speak to my family and care for my screaming newborn without wanting to run away. I like it so far. Reading positive reviews helps a lot.
6294	10.0	After years of having occasional anxiety and taking different medications the fear of having to give a speech in nursing school finally drove me to ask my doctor if I could try propranolol.  Without making this too long of an essay, it changed my life and I probably only take it a couple times a month now, if that. Just knowing it is there, and trusting that it works, in itself helps.  It took away all of the symptoms that made me feel like I had no control over my body or that my body was betraying me during times of panic or even less anxiety.  This is the miracle medication for somebody who does not want to take medications on a regular basis.  This is a medication that takes away feelings that you don't want.
6295	9.0	I started having anxiety and panic attacks about 3 years ago. I also suffer from bipolar disorder and the combination of that and anxiety can be crippling. My anxiety and panic attacks progressively got worse with time. I have tried a few different medications to help with little to no results. After switching doctors I was started on propranolol for my anxiety, what a game changer! I have been anxiety free since! I was very skeptical about taking this, I wondered how this kind of medication could work for anxiety, but I am so glad I agreed to give it a shot! Would totally recommend to anyone suffering with anxiety!
6296	10.0	I started to use this as a means to help with my tremor in my hand but notice how much better I feel as a person with anxiety I feel better on coping than I did before. I believe its helped me in more ways then in my tremor so big shout out to my dr.
6297	10.0	Anxiety/Panic attacks for a year or so. Fear of the fear made my brain expect an episode in virtually every situation with friends/family/strangers you name it. 80mg SR stopped my physical symptoms - shaking, tingling fingers, heart pumping which in turn stopped my brain from racing and expecting the attack. Life changer. Thank you so much. I'm back!!!!!
6298	8.0	I take 20 mg b4 going out to socialize. It takes the paralyzing fear out of being with others. You have to self talk yourself to get out of the house. But once you do and get out, you can make it and survive enough to enjoy yourself.  Zero side effects even with a few drinks.
6299	8.0	I use to take 10 mg before public speaking/presentation in school and shakiness when performing certain medical tasks at work. I have high blood pressure, anxiety, shakiness during certain presentation tasks. My dr was concerned about my blood pressure sometimes being 158/90, usually when I knew it was going to be taken. After discussing with her I'm now taking 60 mg SR, it keeps me stable without the peaks and crashes. I feel a little more energy physically because the fight or flight responses I felt were exhausting my body, although just not much will to get up and at it, and does make me feel a little lazy/apathetic/foggy, but my dr said it's still ok to drink coffee. And I feel not as irritable with my boyfriend.
6300	9.0	Really excellent medicine for alleviating the physical symptoms of anxiety. I was sceptical about taking this as my anxiety (or so I thought) was mostly manifesting as mental anxiety. I now realise just how much I can reduce my anxiety levels as a whole by taking this medicine. I've only taken it twice - 40mg once a day, although I think 60mg may be the sweet spot for me. I don't get uncontrollable heart palpitations, sweating, voice cracking, and fully body shakes. In fact I feel comfortable and in control, hence, my thoughts are clearer and less agitated and thus the mental anxiety is also somewhat relieved.
6301	10.0	I am a full time nursing student with PTSD. I have terrible test anxiety and am always in a state of fight or flight. I learned to deal with my PTSD but the high anxiety of exam sent me straight back to an anxiety attack. My Dr. perscribed 10mg of propranolol and it didn't help. Before I wrote it off I took my Drs advice and moved up to 20mg's. It was so amazing. Guys I can't tell you how nice it is. Sometimes I feel like I can't breath. Like the world is crumbling, and I am unable to move. This also helps me with the nightmares. I used to have dreams where I was in danger and my feet were stuck to the ground and I had no voice.so I couldn't run or scream. It was so terrible. I am thankful for the tools the Lord uses!
6302	10.0	I have a very nerve racking job that involves public speaking to large groups of important people on very technical subjects. When I started, I was a nervous wreck. My legs would shake involuntarily, my voice would crackle and a couple times I walked on stage and blanked out, leaving a huge audience full of people just staring at me, waiting for me to speak. I have been diagnosed with general anxiety but I don't take anything for it. My doctor gave me propanolol for panic attacks and I swear it is a wonder pill. I take it an hour before speaking. It takes away all of the physical symptoms of anxiety without clouding your mind. It takes the edge off in a way that no other medicine can, but you don't feel intoxicated, or altered mentally at all.
6303	8.0	I was prescribed this medicine a couple days ago due to my social anxiety. What I want to tell people most is that it does not take away your anxiety mentally, only physically. So let's say you have an oral presentation, you will still have severe anxiety but just without the shakes, redness, and sweating. I personally have a problem with going into grocery stores and paying/chatting with an employee. After I took the medicines I left and realized that I was no longer red and did not feel shaky at all. I highly recommend this medicine, just do not expect to drop your anxiety completely. You will not notice that it is working until you're in the situation. Give it a shot.
6304	10.0	I cannot speak highly enough of this medication. I have had general anxiety for as long as I remember. I have always had a fast heartbeat (a physiological symptom of my anxiety), regularly got palpitations randomly, I often had skipped and missed heartbeats which freaked me out, far more often I believe than the general population. After trying SSRI's and benzo's I asked my Dr for this medicine after doing some research. Well I cannot believe it, I feel calm, nothing panics me. It is not addictive like other first line treatments for anxiety. My heart does not race randomly, even the skipped beats I used to get numerous times a day have all but gone. In my opinion if you have anxiety, this should be the first port of call. Its changed my life.
6305	1.0	Made me suicidal.
6306	3.0	"Didn't do much for my anxiety.  I still had shortness of breath and that ""pit"" in my stomach.  There was maybe a little less shakiness, but other than that, I still felt anxious.  Now I'm on lorazepam, which works much better for me.  However, I could understand why many people do not want to take benzos might want to at least give this a try.  It just wasn't for me."
6307	10.0	"After 7 years on various SSRI's and many other tried and tested medicines I finally stumbled across propranolol. A truly life changing medicine for my anxiety disorder. I always presented with high blood pressure and my belief is that hypertension is an underlying cause of crippling anxiety. If it isn't then it is most certainly involved in the anxiety circle, more hypertension, more anxiety, more hypertension, etc. Anyway this is the best medication I have ever taken...my mind and body seem to be healing in a way I can only describe as miraculous!
Please bear with this medication, although it does work immediately I'd say it takes around 6 weeks to fully bed in."
6308	5.0	I've been taking propranolol for anxiety, a racing heart, hyperthyroidism. It works well, but I have been getting a very foggy head and bad dreams.
6309	9.0	I'm 26 year old male, I used to lead a party animal life i.e. Alcohol, etc. I thought I was invincible through my teens then after 16 years abuse I woke up one morning and felt like I was having a heart attack flared up in the face, tingling down my arms, lack of breath, confusion, hot and cold sweats happened quite often on a daily basis so I went into hospital, did an ECG on my heart then the doctor said you are having panic/anxiety attacks. The flashbacks of my past triggered it. I've been put on 80mg slow release beta blocker they work great for me never had a panic attack since. 
6310	10.0	I have had tremendous problems with public speaking/presentations. I would almost pray that I would slip and break my leg prior to the presentation, so that I would be deliberated from the pressure. I get full blown panic attacks when speaking in front of a crowd. This is a nightmare considering the circumstances; 30 people sitting dead quiet in a room just staring at you while you are turning into a complete mess. For the first time in my life, at the age of 33, I tried Inderal 20 mg 1 hour prior to an academic presentation. I kid you not, it felt as if I was in my living room chatting with my parents. No anxiety. This tremendous problem vanished thanks to 2 pills. No side effects. Mind blowing.
6311	9.0	Propanolol is a great anxiety treatment! Unlike Alprazolam, which treats anxiety by creating a mildly stupefying delirium, Propanolol provides an underlying steadiness and effectively prevents the physiological symptoms of anxiety, including racing heart, shakiness, quavering voice, flushing cheeks, somersaulting insides, etc. There are few side affects with Propanolol other than improved blood pressure, win win.
6312	7.0	My psychiatrist prescribed me this medication almost 2 days ago for anxiety and it's physical effects on my body; I feel a difference already; my heart isn't racing nor am I shaking as much; makes me tired though.
6313	9.0	Anxiety attacks are less frequent. I feel much better since I have been taking bupropion.
6314	6.0	Added to generic Lexapro because of weight gain and serious sexual side effects . Didn't work until I went up to 300 mg XL and I felt good for only a couple of days then back to feeling like it wasn't doing it's thing. I was pretty scared about the whole side effects, but never had them on 300mg. Still on 150mg XL ,stopped Lexapro.
6315	1.0	"The doctor prescribed this for anxiety relief added to my Lexapro that I have been for many years. I have been under a great deal of stress (Mom in Alzheimer’s facility, Dad recovering from Aortic valve replacement, work needs me to cover a maternity leave).

I was perscribed 100 mg twice daily.
Taken 5 pills - now experiencing - anxiety, irritability, nause, a feeling like I am crawling out of my skin, headache. The anxiety is the worst &amp; that is what we were looking to manage. 

I am not taking another pill. Does not work for - calling doctors in AM."
6316	1.0	"I tried it as an alternative to SSRIs for sexual problems.
Unfortunately it made me shake and gave me insomnia.
Had to discontinue faster than most other drugs I took."
6317	3.0	"I have been taking this for about 1 year now for Anxiety but also in hopes of quitting smoking. That failed. I still smoke today as much as I did before taking it.
As for Anxiety, I notice no change what so ever. I still experience the same amount of anxiety as before. I have had no known positive (or negative) affects. I only take it today just to prevent withdrawal and don't feel like tackling that just yet. It's easier to just continue taking it then to wean off it. The weaning off brings unpleasant side affects in and of itself. 
I don't recommend this for anxiety what so ever but as far as smoking cessation goes, it's known to help many people. Unfortunately, I wasn't one of them."
6318	10.0	I have tried many anti-anxiety medications and each one always seemed to have a side effect. The main side effect was loss of libido. So with that being said I went off anti-anxiety medications completely. Until the past month, I was have panic attacks, tightened chest, depression. I went to my doctor and explained how all the anti-anxiety medications caused loss of libido. So he put me on this medication and it has been a life saver. No more panic attacks, I feel happy and content. Plus libido is back! 100% Recommended.
6319	1.0	I usually don't comment on these websites and my experience may not be the same as yours, but it may be helpful. If you're suffering from anxiety, stay far away from Wellbutrin. Within the third day of taking this medication, I was crazy depressed, happy full blown anxiety attacks everyday. Dwelling on the negative and life just seemed hopeless. Basically the depression and anxiety got worse and my traumas felt even scarrring! have never felt this horrible-- had to take clonazepam everyday. Wellbutrin increases your energy if you're depressed, so you can already tell what happens when you suffer from anxiety! Anxiety + a big boost in energy = hell.
6320	10.0	Anxiety had gotten so bad I couldn't even breathe normally when I focused on it.  It's all gone on buproprion.  I can hardly remember what it felt like to involuntarily stifle my own breath.
6321	8.0	I started two weeks ago on 150mg.  I noticed a difference within the first 3 days.  I wake up feeling refreshed, sometimes I have a manageable headache but within 2 hrs its gone.  I have a huge increase in energy &amp; motivation.  I used to take a nap every day for up to 3 hours, I haven't taken one since about the 3rd day in.  My sex drive has come back slightly &amp; the weight loss is very slow, about 1lb a week but that's also watching what and how much I eat.  The medication has helped with reducing my appetite but not by much.  I take it at night because it makes me tired.  The only negative side effect is that my skin always feels like I have bugs crawling on it.  I hope that goes away with time.
6322	6.0	I started this last week because doctor recommended it, they recommend it cuz I've had horrid anxiety and panic attacks. This has helped me &amp; has calmed down my nerves so much and I'm on the lowest dose. To best honest I'm gonna stay on the lowest dose because this medication makes you feel really floaty and like stuff kinda goes in slow motion, is the only way I can explain it. Hopefully this helped someone.
6323	1.0	"This has been the absolute worst anti depressant I have been on.  I will NEVER go back to that drug ever again  the first few days of being off Celexa and being on Wellbutin was OK.  But about a week and a half later I was a absolute mess.  My depression got worse and my anxiety,  well was out of this world! I constantly had this paralyzing fear of the world ending or stepping foot outside. 
I was crying and felt so sick to my stomach  all day everyday! 
I could smack the quack who put me on this horrible stuff!
I'm going back to Celexa. 
I know some say it will make you gain weight or hard to lose it,  but it didn't fit me at all. 
Plus I much rather be fat the have all this sang stress, pressure and anxiety 
I'm done"
6324	8.0	I used to wake up every day feeling miserable and irritable. I found it hard to think clearly, concentrate &amp; just live a somewhat normal day. I was first put on Sertraline and that didn't go so well.. I had really bad side effects (fatigue, depression, sporadic emotions) Took myself off that after about 2 months or so. I was then put on this medication! I saw results almost right away with 150ml daily for about 1.5 months with some side effects including dizziness &amp; dry mouth/always thirsty (which I can deal with!) Then because I &amp; my doctor felt there was room for additional improvement I went to the 300ml dose.. it's only been about 1-2 weeks on the higher dose but so far so good. No complaints! I can actually be free + feel normal again!
6325	6.0	"I took this for the first time last July, it gave me a lot more energy. I did not consider myself as ""depressed"" at the time, but when I look back on it, I've realized that it made me a lot happier and more positive than when I was not on it. I liked the energizing aspect, but I can't say it really helped with the anxiety. So if your sole purpose for going on this medication is for depression &amp; fatigue, I recommend it. Also lost about 15 pounds on this med"
6326	8.0	Just started this at 300MG a day 2 days ago and I literally feel a big and positive difference in my anxiety. I have PTSD from a violent event and have had pretty severe panic attacks for the past 3 years. I haven't been on any anti-depressants before but drink wine every night to relax and sometimes feel very agoraphobic. I know it's only day 2, but I just feel lighter, whenever I think of things that normally trigger me the thought comes and then just fades away. Honestly, I've never been a big believer in medication for mental issues but am really rethinking it now. Also vivid dreams, but they were good. Decreased appetite, a little more energy. Good luck everyone!
6327	9.0	I have severe anxiety and I would get anxiety attacks everyday. My doctor first put me on Fluoxetine on the highest dosage. After a couple of months my body got use to the medication and it was helping a lot with the anxiety. But I continued still getting the anxiety attacks just not everyday. So then he put me on bupropion 300mg with the fluoxetine and after awhile my panic attacks slowly went away. Now it has been over a year since I have been on the bupropion and my dosage is reduced to 150mg and my fluoxetine dosage is lowered to 20mg. I am happy to say that I have not had a panic attack for 2 years now. This bupropion is a really good medication and I find with using the combination of the fluoxetine it has helped me amazingly. 
6328	9.0	Just finished my first week on the generic form of Wellbutrin (bupropion 150 XL) and have to say the first few days were tough:  dizziness, anxiety, and muscle pains.  But now those symptoms have mostly gone away.  I do feel amazingly clear headed and have lots of energy.  My appetite is gone so I hope to lose about 20 lb if possible.  I don't feel the need to drink at all (used to love my wine every night!)  The strange part is most people talk about insomnia and vivid dreams.  I suffered from those before I started this medication!  And now, I sleep a full 7 hours, have no trouble falling asleep and don't remember any dreams when I wake up!  I really like this stuff!!
6329	1.0	I took this medication for anxiety, bc it was recommended by my doctor and therapist. I also read some reviews of how well it did for others. However, I didnt have a good experience at all. I only took the medicine for 3 days, and my anxiety increased exponentially. The 1st day I experienced migraines, dizziness, increased heartrate, ringing in ears, and nearly all other side effects. The second day I felt frantic and wanted to crawl on the walls. I also woke from panic and fear in the middle of the night. On day 3, I woke up angry like the Hulk, violent like. The side effects continued to get worse through the morning- flashes of heat, dizziness, further increased heart rate, panicked feelings, on &amp; on. I DO NOT suggest this for those w/ anxiety
6330	8.0	I have been taking wellbutrin 300 mg for about three years. I was taking Zoloft for anxiety before that and absolutely hated it. The first couple years on wellbutrin was great. I wasn't having anxiety attacks and stress was normal. However, I think my body got too used to it and now the effects are minimal. I can feel some difference, but my anxiety has been an all time high this past year. Since there's nothing higher than 300 mg, I'm planning to try something different. I did like wellbutrin, no side effects. Just doesn't work well for me anymore.
6331	10.0	"I freaking LOVE buproprion! 
Sertraline and Fluoxetine would kill my sex drive and also make it impossible to achieve the big O. 
Now, I'm back! Not only is my anxiety and depression under control, and  I was able to quit smoking, and I lost some weight...

Having my sex drive back  is awesome!

I want to kiss the folks who invented this stuff!"
6332	6.0	"Kinda late getting in the loop here, but I started on wellbutrin sr 150mg for major depression then was increased to 300mg after finding the 150 was minimally helping. Was having some generalized anxiety but evidently wasn't bad enough during the assessment period while in outpatient treatment to warrant a diagnosis for it. After OP treatment the 300mg was helping some for the depression, but not as much as would like so I was increased to 450mg. Up until that point the anxiety bit was pretty manageable, but after about a week or so on 450mg my anxiety started to skyrocket. I didn't feel much more help on the depression side at 450mg though. However, with the heightened anxiety I went back to 300mg. Talked to my primary doc who seemed to think that the Wellbutrin shouldnt have much effect on anxiety  (despite conflicting evidence to the contrary I've read online on multiple sites) so he put me on celexa 10mg as well recently for the anxiety and notified my therapist as well. Not been on the celexa long enough yet to see how much it helps, but it has made me somewhat queezy as was communicated as a side effect of celexa. 

So the short of it is my anxiety didn't get real bad until going from 300mg to 450mg of wellbutrin and the depression has only had limited help going from 150mg to 300mg to even 450mg. I guess we'll see how well both celexa 10mg and wellbutrin Sr 300mg work for me for the anxiety and depression."
6333	1.0	"I started taking Bupropion 1 1/2 years ago.  At first I thought I had found the best meds for my condition but about 8 months in, I stopped feeling the effects and starts having anxiety attacks almost daily.  My doctor upped my dosage from 100mg to 200mg.  Fast forward to present day and I completely went crazy (irrational, irritability, memory loss, loss of sex drive, and so many more things that I am embarrassed to even say even though this is anonymous! My wife and I looked up some of the side effects of this drug (after long term use) and saw that I was displaying just about all of them. I have since began to taper myself off the drug and for the past week, while my anxiety is still there, the other ""issue"" I was having are gone."
6334	6.0	I've been taking bupropion xl 150 mg daily for 5 days now, for anxiety. I have noticed an increase in energy.  I also don't binge eat as much. I'm a stay at home mom, so i was always back and forth to the kitchen. No anxiety issues yet. I also take 0.50 mg of Xanax at night to help me sleep. I've been battling sleep problems for a while, so it helps.
6335	8.0	"Only been taking the generic Wellbutrin Sr 150mg for a few days. And only once a day. I'm also taking Buspar 2 times a day, and have been for a month. It started to lose its effectiveness so along with increasing the daily dose of it, I was given Wellbutrin SR. It's 330am and I'm wide awake. Didn't have much energy today but even with melatonin, I woke up at 130 And can't fall back asleep. I've been craving water all day. Smoking less cigarettes. Appetite was less today than usual....Thank God. So far I really like the Wellbutrin Sr.
.minus the insane heartburn it's giving me. So long as it doesn't cause my hair to fall out like Zoloft did, I should be able to tolerate the others."
6336	7.0	I was on the generic form of Prozac 20mg for anxiety/headaches for about 6 months. During the first few months I worked out at least 3 times a week &amp; didn't notice a difference in my weight loss I became frustrated with it. I also felt like I needed more help, well Once my dr increased my dose I maybe worked out once a week &amp; the weight piled on. I was always sleeping and didn't feel like doing anything. I went and saw my dr &amp; told her to take me off this bc it wasn't working and the weight gain was awful 20 pounds in 2-3 months. I started Budeprion XL 150 mg once a day. today is my third day and I already feel that im not as hungry, I have way more energy, last night I felt like I was drifting in &amp; out sleep, may need meds to help sleep
6337	7.0	"I started bupropion 150 once/day 2 months ago, after suffering increasing issues with anxiety and inability to think rationally. I found myself unable to cope with normal day to day issues. This medication has helped, but be careful. As many others have indicated, it's tough adjusting to it - for me it's insomnia and irrational thoughts. And even  though I ""feel"" better, my anxiety has not dissipated, just have fewer episodes. However, be aware...as I did crash hard a few weeks back, and it was WORSE than ever. I came through but left me little worried, as I went to a very dark place. I feel great now, so maybe it's just finally kicking in? This battle with anxiety has opened my eyes, and I'm scared of what future holds for me"
6338	10.0	I was having really bad panic attacks,anxiety had me feeling like I was going crazy ! I went to my doctor he put me on bupropion 75 mg 2x a day I started taking this medication 5 days ago and I feel that I can finally get my life back ! I had a lilttle anxiety for about 3 days nothing major but I'm feeling so good I sleep well,I can think without answering myself, I have energy I'm so happy my doctor put me on this. I pray to whoever going through this I hope that you will find comfort as I did.
6339	6.0	I started taking Wellbutrin 2 months ago. I do not suffer from depression, I have generalized anxiety and panic disorder. It is definitely very helpful for the generalized anxiety as I am not feeling anxious 24/7. But the longer I take it, the more I experience unpleasant side effects. Out of any antidepressant I have tried, it is the only one that does not effect my sex drive, which is a plus. But I have a very difficult time falling asleep, even with the addition of sleep medication, I get constipated frequently, it makes me nauseous and dizzy, my muscles ache even though I work out regularly, I am itchy all the time, my appetite is irregular, I'm moody, and I still have panic attacks.
6340	1.0	Was on it for 4 months, thought it was a miracle drug util I found out what it did to my body, caused blood clots, fat clots, which led to fat embolisms, gave me high cholesterol which led to cholesterol plaque in my heart which traveled throughout my my body.  I have been off of it for TWO MONTHS and I'm still trying to recover. ALL TOGETHER HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDED. DO NOT TAKE.
6341	8.0	After taking 150 mlg or 75 ir morning and 75 ir afternoon I feel better, my anxiety has dropped and my depression is better, not 100% but I'm happy with the results.  At first my anxiety felt like it increased at times and the VA would not put me on benzo's so I toughed it out and feel better in between the anxiety spikes, but I do like the med it works for me.  Good luck
6342	8.0	Well I've been on this medication now for almost 6 weeks, and I love it . There were very few side effects. It does suppress the appetite, well it did when I first started on it but now my appetite is great and I'm still losing weight, And my sex drive and life is totally AMAZING!!! My husband is overjoyed!!! And to think I never wanted to take medication, I simply refused to, I always tried anything natural and it would work for a minute then I was trying something else. I'm so glad that I got on this medication because it has really changed my life. I still have very small amounts of anxiety every now and again but it's no where near the way it was ,which was constant.
6343	6.0	Well I've been on buproprion for five days now, and it really seems to be helping. All last week my anxiety was constant, I was depressed and crying all the time and on top of all of this I decided to quit smoking cold turkey Thursday of last week, mind you that my anxiety was so bad that I was smoking a pack and a half a day, so I was an emotional wreck. So my doctor put me on this med 150mg for two days and 300 there after ,I take one in the morning and another 8hrs later and so far I'm feeling better, I'm not all the way my self but thank God I have some relief. My doctor did say that it will take about six weeks to feel the total effects. And I haven't had any side effects that I've noticed, it does suppress your appetite.
6344	8.0	I started this med three weeks ago, I feel so much better. I was afraid to take it. Im on 150mg and Ive taken celexa for 16 years 20mg. 1 mg ativan and was switched to klonapin 1 mg when needed  I like how I feel, I am more outgoing and lost 8 pounds so far. Not hungry much, just had a mild headache the first few days. otherwise good. You never know till you try. My hubby yells out Thank You Wellbutrin lol every so often. He notices a change
6345	10.0	"I am not obese and i do not take this medicine for obesity (i take it for anxiety) 
One of the side effects for this medication is weight loss and loss of appetite, I have lost 20lbs since taking this medication. I don't know if you're able to take this medication for obesity but it does make you lose weight."
6346	9.0	Female, 26, suffer from anxiety, depression fatigue, sexual dysfunction due to heart surgery, hysterectomy, and traumatic couple of years. This stuff helps so much! I have energy and able to have conversations with strangers and enjoy a social life and after over a year of a complete lack of sexual interest and problems, I finally have a labido again! Not that I needed to lose weight but I was 133 lbs and due to thyroid trouble was unable to get back to my 120 lbs until starting this medication.
6347	7.0	I have been on these meds for about 3 months now for anxiety on 150 mg. At first I felt on top of the world it was great to go on with my day with reduced anxiety. But I still felt some unpleasant adrenaline so I confirmed with my doc to increase to 300mg hoping it would completely eliminate the adrenaline that was left. After 2 weeks on 300mg I became severely depressed and still feel that minor adrenaline. I will go back to the 150mg again and go back for a reassessment.
6348	10.0	"Was on lexapro for maybe 3 years for panic attacks and anxiety. That made me kinda numb. Not really any sex drive, I used to sweat at night with lexapro, it  helped with PA &amp; A, but gained weight, and raised cholesterol levels dramatically! 

I asked to start welbutritin to quit smoking and slowly tapered off lexapro. I'm now taking .5 lexapro maybe 2 times a week till brain zaps disappear.....

Now on to the welbutritin... 3 months of Xl 150 a day in the morning, I lost ten pounds! Feel amazing.... And the sex drive is Wonderful. Until I started Wellbutrin I didn't realize how much lexapro affected that because, you just don't think about it, that's part of the numbing I guess.  

I'm very happy that I switched!"
6349	10.0	"I call it The Miracle Drug!  I was on Paxil for 9 years and had no idea how much it dragged me down.
After I had to have my thyroid removed, my Dr and I decided it was time to try something new.
Within a week I could feel the difference (maybe it was quick due to body already being use to paxil)
My family, friends and co-workers all noticed.  I was energized, happy, my libido is finally back (only my husband noticed that one ;) lol,  and I""ve lost 14#   The only negative I can think of was the first few weeks I had wild, vivid dreams but that has basically stopped.
I wish I found it years ago!"
6350	10.0	Wellbrutrin at 150mg twice a day for is great.  Some only need that same dosage in mgs once a day.  In response to the medicine I have no racey thoughts.  No depresssion, no side efffects as to sleepyines, zombified spells or attacks, no anxiety, no boredom, no crying and or laughing spells.  THIS MED at 150mg is a blessing from God.
6351	10.0	Tough out the first couple days and you ll be feeling better. Great for weight loss too. Dont drink on this. Great for anxiety. Great!
6352	10.0	"I was waking up to my body shivering for about 10 seconds and having severe morning sadness. Thinking of death, being angry, being unhappy for no reason. I was taking Welbutrin years ago and it seemed to work with little side effects so I requested it from my Doctor. 
I am very happy with the results, feeling better about life again."
6353	8.0	Suffer from anxiety and panic attacks since I was a young woman.  I've been on many different meds.  Have landed in the ER six times in my life thinking I was having a heart attack as these mirror each other in symptoms.  Have taken Paxil for 15 years.  When I landed in the ER again six weeks ago my Paxil was raised to 60 mgs.  I saw  doc in a follow up and we decided to try Wellbutrin...the generic.  I have been slowly going off Paxil, as you must do, and starting the Wellbutrin.  It is now fours weeks and I am up to 200 mgs of Wellbutrin and down to 20 mgs of Paxil.  ONE MORE WEEK and I am done.  Wellbutrin does have some side effects, I.e., dizziness, Wausau, dry mouth..otherwise I have been doing pretty well.  Time will tell.
6354	3.0	"I have been diagnosed at 54 years of age with ADHD and have always had anxiety coupled with depression.  

I had been prescribed Effexor with drastic results leading to unbearable back pain and incontinence of the bowels. Tried Cymbalta with zero results. I have just been switched to Wellbutrin 150mg XL.  I take 25-50mg seroquel for sleep.  My greatest fear is muscle and back pain because I work in the health care industry and have to be physically capable of working.  

Has anyone out there experienced chronic back pain on these medications.  I don't doubt the the anxiety of the potential of experiencing back and muscle pain is actually contributing to more anxiety."
6355	8.0	"Just a quick note---I actually found it helpful to research the actual chemical this medication works on (norepinephrine), because the side effects make a lot more sense once you can look at the NORMAL effects of increased circulating norepinephrine (if you're at all prone to hypochondria/health anxiety like I am ;).  I am taking it for depression, even though anxiety is my main struggle....I can honestly say it doesn't help with anxiety per se, but does turn it into a more ""focused"" anxiety (i.e. feeling rather hyperactive, but in a productive way as opposed to a paralyzed or hopeless way like with depression).  Has also DEFINITELY decreased my binge-eating tendencies/desires, so yay for that! :)"
6356	9.0	I have had anxiety and depression for years.    I've been on Bupropion, 150XL for a few years with good relief from my symptoms.  A couple months ago  my doctor put me on another 75mg of immediate release bupropion.  My anxiety is much less.  This medication is what works for me.
6357	4.0	I have PTSD and anxiety disorder. I have been on Bupropion Hcl Er XL 300mg and Clonazepam 1mg teva. Both medications taken together are terrible. My symptoms are memory loss, anxiety , tiredness, problem sleeping, panic attacks and depression. I feel like the bupropion causes anxiety and my new panic attacks. Yes losing weight is great at first but I'm in need for changing these medications. Watch yourself make sure it's right for you. Also headaches or migraines.
6358	4.0	Was prescribed the generic for Wellbutrin, and the first day I felt great. But when I woke up the next morning and went to school, I was dizzy, nauseous and anxious. I had to go home early, and it felt like I had zero energy. Barely left my bed. I took it again and symptoms didn't seem to ease up. Now on day 3 I have been throwing up, and weak. I didn't feel like I had depression before, just anxiety. Now I have symptoms of both. Pharmacy told me to stop taking it.
6359	9.0	I have been struggling with Anxiety my whole life, the earliest memory I could think of involved some sort of anxiety. I've learned to cope with it as I got older but it seemed to always be one step ahead of me. I talked to my doctor and she put me on Welbutrin XL 150.  As the years went on my anxiety increased due to stress at work, university and life in general. This caused me to develop depression to the point where I cannot watch a commercial without crying because the father said I love you to his daughter. I went to the doctor and she upped me to 300 and I was back to myself again. The medication has helped me cope through anxiety and depression! I am 25 F and using this medication for 8 years now
6360	9.0	Diagnosed with Social Anxiety Disorder &amp; GAD, I started taking this medication at 150mg. After 4-5 weeks of dry mouth, headaches, night sweats, abnormal dreams, and a slight head jerk every now and then, my anxiety had almost disappeared. I lost 10 lbs the first 2 months but eventually gained it back which I didn't mind. WB has made a huge difference with the physiological symptoms of my anxiety, meaning that I no longer feel physically uncomfortable, especially in social situations. My doc has increased my dosage to 300mg after being on 150mg for 8 months. So far after one week on the new dosage, all the initial side effects I had when I first started taking WB have returned, but with the addition of dry eyes &amp; blurred vision.
6361	8.0	Well I have been on Wellbutrin XL150mg for 5 days along with Paxil, also taking Xanax or kolonipine *only as needed (not often). While without meds I have too many thoughts running through my head all the majority of the time, I worry, and sometimes I even have fears of driving to places I am not familiar with. I find it difficult to concentrate in grad school (stressful) and cry out of simple being tried of trying to self encourage, and fight off or trying to ignore my anxiety. Since I have been on meds, my thoughts are slower, and not so many, but they are like a movie shooting through my mind, and it is usually a thought of worry. I will give it more time to work, hopefully it gets better.
6362	9.0	As a college student, I felt like I needed some support to get me through difficult times that I couldn't do myself for a number of reasons. I tried meditation and relaxation but to no prevail. My twin has been on Lexapro for years now, so I went to my PCP to try Lexapro. It was not helpful at all - it made me want to chain smoke, when I drank it was not a pretty combo, and I was constantly tired. When I got on Wellbutrin starting out at 150mg, it's like I finally saw the light. Everything has just been so much better! I can concentrate better, I'm almost always in a good mood, and I haven't had any huge issues with anxiety. Now I've been on 300mg for almost a month, so we'll see how this goes!
6363	7.0	I have only taken the XL for 3 days, I have had some anxiety and take Ativan to get through. I feel more able to focus, complete projects, not so much crying, starting to feel like I can cope with life again. I am working, I would advise people to take a couple days off work when starting just to let the side effects subside. I had sexual dysfunction with Zoloft, so I am hoping that I don't have the same problem with this med.
6364	8.0	I was diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety and Depression after some very traumatic events. I was first put on Prozac and two months in I knew it wasn't for me. Flatline and impossible to have an orgasm. Next was Remeron which made me so exhausted but helped somewhat with anxiety before bed. My new pdoc suggested Wellbutrin.  I did research and was afraid to take it. It sat in my drawer for three months. Things got so bad, I would wake up in dread, crying, worried nonstop, so I started it. 150XL in morning for two weeks. I was completely surprised that I had no side effects and was feeling it almost from day one. It was as if the worry disappeared, replaced by a feeling that everything is going to work out. Up to 300 now, great results.
6365	8.0	6 months ago I stopped drinking and realized I had anxiety. My first 2 anxiety attacks landed me in the hospital without a diagnosis. Finally on my 3rd visit to the ER I was diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety. When I visited my regular Dr. he prescribed my Xanax 0.5 mg and Zoloft... and OMG I was able to hear colors... That medication did not sit well with me.. An hour after I took it I was feeling like crap, So i called my Dr. the next day and he gave Wellbutrin 150 CL and Clonazapam.... Im on day 6 and so far so good.. no real side effects...
6366	8.0	Been on this med for about 4 years and YES it helps with weight gain.... bad thing is....NEVER stop taking... the withdrawals are terrible!!! But otherwise this works great for my anxiety disorder.
6367	8.0	I've been on Seroquel for 4 years on 300mg. Everyday I woke up like a zombie had no energy. Everything has dark and gloomy, plus I had no energy whatsoever. I researched Bupropion I'm on 150mg only once a day. I'm still coming off Seroquel from 300/150/50mg. Since taking Bupropion I have so much more energy everything seems brighter. I seem more interested in simple things, more organized. I actually notice myself laughing at little things, I feel like I forgot to laugh so it was a strange feeling when I was. I'm still a bit groggy coming off the Seroquel but hopefully this will work for me.
6368	5.0	I started the medication for smoking and anxiety about 3 weeks ago.  The initial side effects are very intense.  I had an intense headache every day for a week and a half but it did go away.  I also had an uncontrollable head tremor and very intense nightmares, both have gone away as well.   The medication has yet to curb my urge to smoke.  When I get anxiety the physical symptoms are very intense, rapid heart rate and breathing, extreme headache and stomach upset.  On the positive side I no longer feel like I don't want to live my life.   I am going to give the medication the time to take full effect and see how it goes.  If the anxiety symptoms don't improve, I will most likely stop after the full 6 weeks that is recommended.
6369	9.0	So first off I have generalized anxiety, panic attacks, worry 24/7 etc. At first my doctor prescribed me Lexapro and worked great for 2 months and then started getting depression, and all my symptoms again. Also all I wanted to do was sleep then sleep some more and so on. So my doc switched me to bupropion HCL ER XL 300mg and only took two days to start feeling the effects, from the switch. I feel better already, can actually focus and get out of my head, have energy, feel great, and have interest in hobbies I once had. Felt very little anxiety today but so far I feel like I'm getting my life back! Also take Buspar but only started taking it a few days ago so hopefully all goes well!
6370	9.0	I was on Lexapro for about 6 months before my doctor switched me to Wellbutrin due to weight gain and sexual side effects. I experienced intense headaches for the first few days, and dry mouth for the first 2 weeks. Both have since gone away. I have also lost 11 pounds in one month, which brings me just below my pre-Lexapro weight. I would attribute much of this to the reduction in appetite I have experienced with wellbutrin, as well as increased metabolism. My anxiety is under control and I feel great!
6371	8.0	I've been diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder with a secondary diagnosis of Depression for almost 2 years. I used to be on 200mg of Wellbutrin, but recently, was switched to 300mg of the extended release due to a relapse in anxiety/depressive symptoms. I've noticed that I've had more energy since switching and my mood has been elevated. HOWEVER, be extremely careful with alcohol consumption!!!! My tolerance lowered and 8 hours after I stopped drinking, I ended up in the hospital for uncontrollable vomiting. Depressive symptoms and stomach issues persisted for 4 days after being hospitalized. For me, not drinking isn't a big deal since I don't really drink much to begin with, but if you're a huge social drinker, be careful!
6372	8.0	Has worked well for me to manage anxiety and not feel scattered. Unfortunately a side effect is occasional slight pains near my heart so think I will need to switch to something else.
6373	4.0	I just started taking this.I have severe stress and anxiety. My son has disabilities, G-tube, needs a lot of help. I find I am just exhausted on a daily basis. I would literally rub my hands till they bled and crack open because I was so over stressed about my boy. He is so sweet I found my self crying over littlest thing that would go wrong at school or at the playground. Now I can go and enjoy myself without the worry 24/7. My hands are slowly getting better with help of UVB Light Therapy but the meds are a MUST. I used to love to knit But I had to stop because they were so painful! Now I can go for walks with out huffing and puffing.I hope with the help of my Doctor that I can find balance and peace without yelling at my boy or husband.
6374	10.0	I have taken bupropion for over 13 years for anxiety. I have severe anxiety that causes depression. After many years of storm phobia and severe anxiety and many different medications this is the one that worked for me. Being able to feel normal and not have panic attacks has been wonderful. Have had no side effects except every once in a while I see twinkly dots in my vision, hard to tell if it is the medicines or from being tired. I will take the twinkly dots over anxiety any day.
6375	3.0	"I was prescribed Bupropion as an alternative to my usual Lexapro at the beginning of an ""episode"". I was probably more anxious than depressed. I was a little concerned because Bupropion is not specifically an anti-anxiety medication. Bupropion was an instant pickup and boosts libido. The boost did not last and I started to get very anxious and somewhat depressed after the first week. I eventually had to start back on the Lexapro. I don't think Bupropion is a very effective anxiety medication and it is not generally prescribed for that purpose. I did find very few side effects compared to the sweating, loss of libido and weight gain of Lexapro. I am presently tapering off. I have some issues with insomnia and Bupropion may not help."
6376	6.0	I feel like this pill help me not to go overboard with stress.. It has changed my life I use to worry 20 hours a day.
6377	6.0	I started this medication at 150 mg xl about a week ago... I feel slightly different. ... I had a panic attack at work the other day.... which scared me.... I dont get as upset as before. My sex life is great! I think Im going to give it another week and maybe increase my dosage...
6378	9.0	Was on Celexa for anxiety and and stayed sleepy all the time. Switched to bupropion (300 mg) and am very pleased with the results:  much less anxiety, improved libido, sleep well at night, lost some weight, and have more energy.  For me, it's a good choice for anxiety without side effects.
6379	7.0	I like the medication, I feel better but not 100% anxiety free. What I like about it is that now my mood is stable and I am happier and most of chocolate craves are gone. I still worry about things here and there but is much better than it used to. I can say that I feel just like my old self (happy and full of life).
6380	8.0	On 20 mgs Cipralex two years ago and gained almost 30 pounds.  Began taking Wellbutrin 150mgs three weeks ago after weaning myself off the Cipralex over a 2 month period.  A few side effects, dry mouth being the most noticeable.  150 mgs for two weeks and started 300 mgs this last Monday.  Huge energy boost...appetite is level and cravings are non-existent. I have to remind myself to eat.  I have lost 8 pounds in 3 weeks without changing anything in my daily routine.  I believe the ingredient in the medicine which helps a person to quit smoking has the same effect on appetite. It just stops the cravings, therefore stopping needless emotional eating or eating out of boredom. Anxiety was my major mood disorder but it has not affected me negatively!
6381	10.0	I have been suffering from depression and anxiety for years. That last year my anxiety has reached the point of almost constant panic. It is affecting every aspect of my life, and worst of all my confidence in doing my job. I have been desperately seeking some relief. I have had ruminating thoughts, fear of death/failure, overall guilt, etc. Anyways, I have been on the medication for 10 days. The first 6 were wonderful. I actually got out of bed and played with my kids! However the last four days the an anxiety is creeping back. Doc just upped my dose to 150 from the 100 (SR generic). Hopefully this will work out because I've tried SSRI's and SSNRI's and they make me feel like I'm going to flip out. Complete worsening of depression and anxiety.
6382	10.0	I take Wellbutrin for help with the management of stress and it works wonderfully! I used to be in a bad mood and very tired after work which was not good for my kids or husband.  I take 100mg at 6:00 am and another 100mg at 2:00 pm and it makes a HUGE difference in my mood, energy level, and diminishes my cravings for chocolate.  What I like the MOST is how I have energy ALL DAY LONG now.  I used to be so tired all the time even though I was not depressed or sick.  Now I have energy even after a long day of work. I must drink 50-60 ounces of water daily or I have bad muscle pain. But so long as I get in enough water I feel fabulous and definitely recommend this for others who have a hard time with stress and low energy levels.
6383	4.0	"I was taking Bupropion SR for about two months for anxiety and depression. At first my doctor started me off at 75 MG. When I first took it the medication started to work right away, but the medication for some reason stop working after about two weeks. My anxiety came back and so did my depression. So I called my doctor and she switched me to 150MG. I thought to myself ""maybe the dosage was just low"". Again the medication worked right away, but again the medication for some reason only lasted about two weeks. I went back to my doctor and she switched me to Prozac and so far it has worked pretty well. The symptoms I had with bupropion was nausea, diarrhea, and drowsiness. I don't think this medication was right for me but everyone is different."
6384	8.0	I was on Bupropion XL. I had to up my dose after 6 weeks of not feeling any different. I would get anxious over nothing at all and it was really depressing me because I couldn't control my emotions. I would get angry over little things that shouldn't even matter and have no patience. Now that my Dr has changed my dose I feel 10x better. It took about 8 weeks to actually work but it was worth the wait. I laugh more often and am just happy in general. It's not like most medicines where you feel loopy or.. it's a subtle change that has big effects. I take my time now and am not so anxious about everyday things. The only reason I gave it an 8 out of 10 was because it took so long to work.
6385	8.0	I started Wellbutrin after my Celexa quit working after 5 years.  I had a little nausea the first week.  The second week was the hardest.  I had uncontrollable bouts of sheer rage.  When I spanked one of my kids out of anger, which I've never done before, I called my doctor and she put me on Prozac.  However, I decided to give Wellbutrin one more week.  The rage issue resolved itself and went away.  At week 4, I feel completely even tempered.  I love how this medicine makes me feel and I take things far less seriously. I could only give it an 8 out of 10 due to the side effects when starting it.
6386	5.0	This drug gave me focus and energy, however it made my anxiety go worse so I had to stop it. If you don't have problem with anxiety then this drug is definitively a must. It took around 30 days to take effect.
6387	10.0	After trying several from the Prozac family, with really bad results, I was given Wellbutrin - what a live saver! It completely smoothed out the rough edges so I could feel normal, not anxious and irritable all the time.
6388	3.0	This medicine gives me highs and lows. Doesn't work well with anxiety, helped depression but if you are anxious this medicine may not work well for you.
6389	5.0	Have only been taking for three days. Have some headaches, nausea, no big deal. I don't like the feeling after my second dose at night. I have gotten panicky and felt like I was going to have a panic attack, but have not so far. I am mainly using this to quit smoking and I see that it is triggering my anxiety somewhat, but I have already lost the urge to smoke and will quit on my quit date. I would rather deal with side effects for a couple weeks than die of lung cancer and leave my children with no mother. Especially after losing my mother at a young age and my grandfather. I am hoping this will help my depression and anxiety after I am used to it. I can't wait to be smoke-free soon.
6390	9.0	Been using since 2002.  Has controlled my anxiety.  Even though I could have gone off of in 2005, have decided that it is not worth going off of.  I like the assurance that normal will stay normal.
6391	3.0	I was put on 150 mg dose about 4 weeks ago for mild depression/anxiety. I had dry mouth, headaches, spacey feeling, and nervousness. All of which added to my anxiety. I switched to 300 mg for 1 week, but the jitters increased and I could have climbed the walls! Rarely felt like eating.  It did not negatively affect my ability to orgasm (like Lexapro did) which was nice, but couldn't handle the side effects. Trying Cymbalta.
6392	7.0	I've tried many medications for my anxiety, but  this medication does a great job. Gave me back my appetite, and actually is helping me quit smoking. It's a great medication.
6393	3.0	I am on 150 mg of the generic bupropion for approximately 2 months now. The side effects have been increased anxiety and irritability as well as really bad insomnia. Went to see the doctor and they increased it to 300mg a day. I am skeptical, thinking it will intensify the side effects but they are telling me it should decrease them with a higher dose. I went in to change to a different medicine, we'll see what happens. I still don't understand doubling the dose.
6394	10.0	Clonidine can totally change your life. It can also make you a zombie during the first 2 to 4 weeks, but eventually you will normalize and become used to it. Only take the minimum needed to reduce your anxiety. Any more makes you a kind of altered consciousness (not in a good way) that leaves you empty of thought and too heavy, weak, tired and slow to live an ordinary life. For me, the dry eyes, and dry mouth is pretty bad if I take more than the usual dose. It also seems to alter the way some foods taste. It turns chocolate into a waxy, greasy mess (not in reality, just for you.) and most high fat processed foods taste really bad. Fresh foods and even natural fatty meat still tastes normal. I love and eat a lot of chocolate so this is a serious side effect!
6395	1.0	This medication makes me so tired I can't even function. I take 0.2 mg and I'll be in bed all day and can't even get up. I took it for a week thinking it would eventually wear off like with a lot of other medications but it never did and it just makes me feel so terribly exhausted that I couldn't take it anymore. Now I just take it to help me sleep and it works good like that but not for anxiety.
6396	10.0	"I have been on clonidine for a year. At first it made me sleepy, but after about 6 weeks, my only side effect was dry mouth, and I have to eat when I taken clonidine. 
It has helped lower my blood pressure and my anxiety.  Very happy with it."
6397	10.0	Clonidine has been outstanding in lowering BP and in reducing anxiety.  I have lingering PTSD from a murder many years ago and from a stroke one year ago caused by high BP.  Other BP meds have worked marginally but the Clonidine patch was highly effective at .1 mg but a bit too much a .2 mg lowering BP to 96/60.  The only problem is the patch gives me a bright red itching rash on my arm and so I am going on the pills only and see if that works well. I'm hoping 0.1 mg twice a day should work since Clonidine has a 12 hour half life but we shall see.  I highly recommend this drug for BP and anxiety but monitor BP with it to not go too low.
6398	10.0	I've found clonidine to be unparalleled at preventing anxiety of the restless and impatient type. I.e. the kind of anxiety that keeps me from sitting in one place. I take clonidine before any engagement where I must sit for a while, e.g., waiting rooms, court rooms and so on. Places where some patience is in order. Clonidine is the best for this. The only side effect is a very slight dry mouth, and that only happens sometimes.
6399	8.0	Help with my anxiety by alleviating the nausea and lowered my blood pressure which resulted in less flushing due to anxiety. May have to go a little higher on the dosage to find your sweet spot, but I started at on .1 and went to .2 twice a day and it has really helped.
6400	10.0	Clonidine is excellent for performance and social anxiety. But I think its crucial to get the dosage just right for your body weight &amp; metabolism, so that one doesn't get unnecessarily sedated or have dry mouth. I only use clonidine every now &amp; a blue moon  (i.e., rarely), often before a situation or event where I'll need extraordinary patience. I take just 0.1 mg. for this purpose. It prevents nervous tremors of the hand, restlessness and sweating.
6401	10.0	I take it in conjunction with lorazepam and trazadone at night, the combo helps me sleep and remain calm, it has some blood pressure effect, I do take additional blood pressure in the morning as clonidine isn't enough for my high BP
6402	1.0	This medicine made me beyond irate! It's supposed to help with anxiety and insomnia due to anxiety. I've been up for 5 days now with an average of maybe 2 hours of sleep if that a night. Complete opposite effect and I'm so tired. But my brain won't stop running with thoughts. Weird thoughts. On the bright side my house is spotless and I've managed to fill my freezer and counter with countless baked foods and pastries. Smh.
6403	9.0	Was having a very bad moment (anxiety attack). Very shallow breath of, tight chest, fast heartbeat...just could not relax. Took .1 mg and felt a difference in about 20 minutes and much better within an hour. The chest tension was about 90% gone and I could finally relax. Only downfall is that it makes me drowsy!
6404	8.0	"I have been on a month and helps with anxiety. The nausea and muscle tension has went away. I would recommend. Few side effects, and you will get use to the drug after about a 2 week period.
Will make your hands and feet cold, but I can deal with that."
6405	10.0	Complex Ptsd, extreme anxiety,border line personality disorder,insomnia,social phobia and fear fear fear over nothing! Valium once a day for 4yrs. Last 2months have been extreme anxiety valium not working as good just had a clonidine i feel great. My neck n shoulders feel like new. No straining. My eye tension is gone so my headache is gone too. So far so good. Very happy.
6406	2.0	If you want to be chronically lethargic and unable to function in most areas of your life, here's your medication. It is the most draining med I've taken for anxiety. Knocks you out all day long.
6407	9.0	Started taking clonodine BID for severe anxiety (GAD, PTSD, PD), in conjunction with my benzos (PRN).  I have tried almost everything else on the market and this was the first time I was really impressed with the effects.  The first week and a half I appreciated the intense drowsiness but I powered through because I physically felt relief from my racing heart.  Surely this medicine isn't for everyone, but it sure helps me.
6408	10.0	Works great for anxiety, it does cause sedation, but is highly effective for keeping the anxiety at bay.
6409	5.0	I'm experiencing ambivalence and general feeling of irritation and anger since I've been on this drug ...anyone else?
6410	1.0	Was diagnosed with Bipolar 1 (Mixed Episodes w/ Psychotic Features) as well as Unspecified anxiety disorder. My anxiety gets so bad to the point it makes me vomit. I took 1mg in the morning and 1 mg at night. It made me extremely sleepy and fatigued to the point I couldn't function. I work and am in college full time so I couldn't handle that at all. Would not recommend this medication.
6411	6.0	I was prescribed this when I went to a 5 day inpatient detox. They gave me this for anxiety as I could not use any benzos, due to my addiction. So when I left detox I remained on clonidine for about 5 months. It did significantly relax me, however, it lowered my blood pressure so bad that I would get  a head rush and faint almost everytime I stood up. Keep in mind my size definitely was a factor as I am only 5'1 and 98 lbs. At the time.
6412	10.0	This stuff is amazing I tried every psych med on the market and none of them worked then I tried this stuff and basically it took away my anxiety and depression overnight I can't say enough good things about this patch it has to be the patch not the pills though!!!!
6413	8.0	Clonidine is a drug that produces many obvious physical and psychological effects, the most obvious being marked drowsiness. It supposedly works to fight anxiety by interfering with the chemicals responsible for those horrible, anxious feeling, pounding heartbeat and fear reactions. To that end, it works very well. It's hard to say whether or not it has a large effect on experiencing anxiety overall, however.
6414	4.0	My psychiatrist prescribed this for me for my anxiety (I worry about every little thing) and it worked but it made me extremely drowsy during the day. I was taking 0.1mg 3 times a day. I am a full time college student so that didn't work out to good. I couldn't really tell if it was helping with my anxiety or not. I only took it for 2 weeks.
6415	10.0	I have used clonidine for panic attacks (episodic, severe facial sweating due to stressful situations). This medication has been extremely helpful, resolved the sweating immediately. I have tried lorazepam, which was also extremely effective, but my clinician informed me clonidine has lower risks. Beta blockers did not work at all.
6416	8.0	I have severe anxiety and had horrible side effects from benzodiazepines. This medication has been very helpful. I am taking 0.2 mg. twice daily. Started with 0.1 mg.  I recommend slowly increasing your dosage because it tends to make you drowsy until you get used to it.
6417	4.0	I was prescribed 0.1 mg tablets of this for anxiety and sleeplessness. It was good for anxiety attacks because it put me straight to sleep in about 10 minutes, but it didn't help me sleep through the night. It also didn't help with everyday anxiety.
6418	10.0	Was prescribed this in conjunction with stimulant meds for ADHD but have found this really works well to relieve NAUSEA caused by ANXIETY. However as this is primarily a Blood Pressure Medication, it can make you dizzy if you take too much. I have found it the best of any medication to treat the nausea and upset stomach Generalised Anxiety produces. Highly Recommended With Caution!
6419	7.0	Been taking for 4 weeks now. Good for keeping physical anxiety down. Good for people who tend to notice their heart racing and who get extreme adrenaline rushes when nervous. Takes the edge off physical which mentally helps.
6420	7.0	Hits fast and clean, noticeably lower blood pressure and can be quite relaxing. The 0.02s work better than the 0.01mgs. Too much can be dangerous with it leading to low blood pressure. There have been times I exercised or took stimulant because I was worried blood pressure was to low but if you can ride the tide it is an amazing medicine for it not being in the Xanax class.
6421	7.0	"I was scared to try it because of all the reviews. Here’s an opinion for people who are considering it. 
The first few days (about 3-4) you might feel lightheaded, dizzy, and  nauseous. If you do take it before bed so you can sleep though it. After the first few days those symptoms go away when your body gets use to the drug. 
It does take about 2 weeks for you to notice any difference. So give it time and in the meantime ask your doctor for some Xanax to calm  you down for the two weeks. It helped me!  After 10 days I saw a difference in my anxiety. I’m on 20 mg and my doctor thinks I’ll need to up my dosage because I still have anxiety. Also, remember that not every drug works the same on everyone. Just give it a chance if it does not help move on."
6422	1.0	"During college years received Paxil to deal with exam stress. It calmed me and initially helped . No weight (sporty) but if I missed a dose after 1 year I started crying for no reason, my doc kept prescribing it and I thought I was OK. 

Yet it totally ""numbed"" my true emotions and stole my conscisouness and nature. I was mostly in my ""head"", seeking ""pleasures"" and not feeling the necessary ""fears"" (dangers) in life. 

After 18 years it ""pooped-out"" and did not work at all. I was just tired and depressed. I had to ""wean off"" which was a nighmare (panic, brain zaps, pains, suicidal urges, pure hell). Long term Paxil use simply destroyed my ""emotional brain"" and my inner and outer life!"
6423	2.0	"I originally took Paroxetine for anxiety, I was stressing out terribly. Couldn't go to school, church, etc. My doctor gave me Paroxetine for it. This made it worst my first day taking it. It was a pretty good day. The second day, better, I was enjoying stuff and things were ""normal"". Eventually, on the third day, It was like everything overflowed. Worst anxiety, depression, everything. I know some might say it takes a week or two, but no, things got worse."
6424	1.0	I was on Paroxetine for 7 years. I have generalised anxiety, social anxiety, panic disorder and agoraphobia. This drug did ABSOLUTELY NOTHING. Side effects: no sex drive, vertigo, dizziness, brain zaps, general feeling of being out of touch  with emotions (unable to feel sad when watching sad movies/tv, unable to cry when feeling sadness or joy), night sweats and nightmares nearly every night, depression, suicidal thoughts. My anxiety did not change, my panic attacks did not lesson, actually anxiety and panic got worse, ended up in hospital from a panic attack while on it. Only stayed on it for so long because doctor said it was helping (where?!?). Off it I’m the same just without side effects yey!
6425	1.0	I started taking Paxil for anxiety and depression and started feeling sick on first pill.  Nauseous, headaches, trembling, body shocks etc.  After the second pill I found it was starting to get hard to orgasm.  By the forth pill I couldn't orgasm and quit taking it at that point.  Not ready to give up sex to possibly get over some anxiety and depression, but seriously if the side effects are this bad after 4 pills what would a month be like.  Then after stopping after 4 days it was like the whole process in reverse as I has gotten over the headaches and sickness after 2 days, it took another 2 days to get over it once stopping.  I am going to try something else or just go back to self medication, at least the side effects are more manageable
6426	1.0	This drug near killed me .. Why ? couldn't  sleep even an hour, had panic attack ..  Paroxetine it's worst nightmare ,.,.  Dire Side effects
6427	4.0	"I started this medicine 09 DAYS ago. I had my first panic attack ever like a month ago. My anxiety started about 2 months ago after receiving a phone call with a bad news. I was so anxious that I stopped eating and sleeping. During those past two months I was feeling very anxious in the mornings and afternoons and some times back to my normal self at night. I developed a social phobia as well. 
Paxil has terrible side effects, nausea, insomnia, total loss of appetite ( didn't have much to start with) drowsiness, involuntary muscle movements...... etc. I thought about stopping it the third day because of insomnia. I made it to day 9 and my anxiety isn't realty better.doc said give it more time."
6428	8.0	"I was on this medication for years for OCD anxiety depression PTSD , then wanted to get pregnant and switched to Zoloft. The Z stopped working after a year and terrible panic attacks started happening again. Went back on P. 

Overall, I am happy to not be crying all the time and not snapping at my family. I have a much better time on P than on Z. 

My only problem is the weight gain that comes with it. It's very sad for me to gain 20 pounds. 

But still, it's better than being so scared all the time. 

Please, make sure you take as directed. It takes six weeks for medicine like this to work. You won't know after a day or two. 

Stay strong"
6429	9.0	Hi I really wanted to share my experience as I read so many reviews that made me scared to take this drug. I switched after citalopram stopped working for me. I am now 4 months in and on 50mg (started on 20 and increased slowly) I have had no side effects with this drug apart from a dry mouth for about 2 days. My anxiety improved within days, not an instant cure but I was coping better. I feel that I am nearly back to normal now after what a period of crippling anxiety. I still feel worried sometimes but can now rationalise thing and the intrusive thoughts are about gone (fingers crossed!) I wanted to leave a positive review the reviews I read terrified me.
6430	8.0	I am one of those people who was very against taking medication for my anxiety, until I realized I needed more than Talk Therapy. I tried Paxil and it has made a world of a difference. I no longer have daily panic attacks, or worry constantly. I'm able to make plans with my friends without the worry of having a meltdown in front of them. My biggest fear was getting on a plane again, and I did with no problem. Paxil has truly given me my life pack, and for that I am so thankful.
6431	7.0	I was put on this about a year ago (20mg) and I thought it was helping pretty good for my anxiety but like 3 months into it I was noticing some weight gain. Then about 6 months the weight gain has gotten worse and I gained about a good 40 pounds and I felt as if I was never full anymore and I was constantly hungry even a few minutes after I would eat a full meal. I am weening off of it now and in the process of trying Lorazapam (ativan) so we'll see how that works. Other than that I would recommend at least try this since everyone might not experience weigh gain and excessive hunger like I did.
6432	1.0	I got on to this medicine during a rough time in my life. I thought it was working great until I realized they had me in the highest dose and were using it as a bandaid. I got curious about the drug itself and into further research I found that this drug is one of the WORST on the market. This drug will slowly kill you. This drug causes issues not only in your mind, but your body, if you're trying to conceive it affect that body, it is extremely addictive and causes more issue than the reason you were put on it. After my research I decided to come off of it. If I had more space to write how the detox of this pill was I would need a novel.
6433	7.0	Really helps my PMDD and my stress/anxiety. I was very thin from stress before I started on Paxil. I have rapidly gained weight since taking this medication. I have also become emotionless. As much as I dislike it, at least I don't feel anger, stress and anxiety anymore. Clearly I'm taking the good with the bad.
6434	8.0	"I was suffering from awful situational anxiety and depression, hard time fully functioning, couldn't eat, sleep, focus, cried every day, was an emotional mess. Dr put me on 20mg Paxil and told me it would take 4-6 weeks to take effect. Within a week I felt so much better. I could eat, sleep, stopped crying altogether, and stopped being constantly overly emotional.

I did sometimes have a difficult time fully accessing emotions, gained too much weight, and am having trouble with motivation so I'm currently on day 4 of weaning myself off, nothing but mild side effects so far. For me Paxil was extremely helpful to get me through a very difficult time and get me back to functioning so I could keep my job and parent my children."
6435	1.0	WORST DRUG EVER! Side effects  were body shocks, headaches, worse anxiety, etc. I only took it for three weeks and it caused me to feel numb mentally and emotionally. Drove me nuts! So I went off it and let me tell you... WORST withdrawals ever! Lethargy,  bad thoughts, apathy, brain zaps, mood swings, depression, etc. Before you take it, which I DON'T recommend as there are other options, read stories about the withdrawals. Theres so many lawsuits against it. Oh and it induced a mania in me and now I'm stuck on antipsychotics...
6436	10.0	Back in October 4 , 2015 I had my first severe panic attack I thought I was going to die. I couldn't go to the store and be in line at the cash register and couldn't even drive. My quality of life was really bad at that point. I remember thinking I can't take care of my kids can't even do the things I used to do like go to the park go buy groceries even go to my kids school events I felt horrible. I told my Doctor what has happening I got prescribed paroxetine 20 mg. It saved my life. I know it takes time be patient it's worth it.
6437	10.0	I started Paxil approx 3 weeks ago and my life started changing for the better about 2 weeks into it.  I feel my social anxiety dissolving, I didn't realize how depressed I was, but life is starting to look so much brighter.  I suffered with bad pe which made sexual intimacy impossible, and this has pretty much gone away.  I am becoming more outgoing and able to express myself to others and working hard to remove everything in my head which caused my anxiety by talking with my spouse and others in my family.   I am also becoming much more comfortable in social situations.  I sure hope in continues, because I can't imagine going back to my old self.  I had bad nausea and was so tired the first week, but so worth it.
6438	1.0	This medication caused sudden, severe weight gain 43lbs. (19.5 kg) over four months weight gain and did little for my anxiety. I wouldn't recommend it!!!! It should be taken off the market for its adverse side effects.
6439	10.0	"I took Paxil in highschool in 2000 for severe social anxiety and generalized anxiety disorder. I stopped going to school...Stopped eating..Stopped socializing with family and friends. Paxil changed my life back then. I started going to school, I made high honors, I started eating and having a life again.
After that time my anxiety was manageable. I went off the Paxil and just used Valium for panic attacks. For years I was able to keep my anxiety under control with the least amount of medication as possible. 
Now (June 2017) I am experiencing the same  bad anxiety I dealt with years ago. I'm back on Paxil (day 2) and I feel good. I hope it changes me so I can enjoy life again, make my partner happy and start working again. Give Paxil a try!!"
6440	1.0	Here is my experience with 10+ years of taking Paxil. It did a good job controlling anxiety in combination with Lorazepam 4x daily. But there was a huge cost to taking Paxil. I gained 10lbs for every 10mg of Paxil I took for a total of 40lbs gained slowly over years.  Also, erectile disfunction became a problem. Finally, about 2 years ago, because of insurance change, I had to change psychiatrists. My new psychiatrist asked me if I had noticed side effects of weight gain and sexual dysfunction while on  Paxil. I had no idea my weight gain was related to Paxil. He weaned me off Paxil an on to Prozac. I lost 40 lbs in 6 mos without trying. Prozac works  just as well with my anxiety. Perhaps Paxil isn't the right choice for some people.
6441	10.0	It will do nothing negative. Give it a try to enjoy life.  Life is short. Don't take the burden of social anxiety and panic attacks for your whole life. If you still feel terrible when taking Paxil use inderal as well and you will see an improvement in life. My score for Paxil CR is 9/10 in just  days.  PS if you ignore this illness it will give you IBS, high BP, anxiety, messes with career goals, gives heart problems, sleep problems, low energy, you need short naps, always low confidence and so on.  I avoided medicines from age18 to 28 years and now finally I took the step for paxil. Stay blessed ....
6442	2.0	"I waited a week before braving this for long term anxiety treatment, the side effect put me off but my anxiety is still so bad day to day.

So yesterday I took my first tablet and what followed hours after was the following:

-sickness (was sick twice)
-diarrhea 
-shortness of breath
-palpatations
-worse feeling panic and anxiety than before
-suicidal thoughts (almost took myself to the hospital-but rode it out instead)
-awful nightmares and virtually no sleep 
-shakes


now I feel frail and am laying in bed all day trying to recover from taking the 1 tablet.."
6443	7.0	"Pros: works for anxiety, depression

Cons: weight gain, ED, orgasm troubles, just stopped caring about everything"
6444	9.0	I've been taking paxil and Trazadone and its been helping me to get through each day. My anxiety is down and I sleep well.
6445	10.0	I was skeptical at first but just after the first week I feel a huge difference. I have slight nausea, dry mouth and yawning but they are getting better. The world is a much better place now.
6446	8.0	Paxil worked every time for me. I wouldn't say it save my life bc I believe God saved my life. But let me tell you it brings you back to normal sanity. When your not obsessing bout your anxiety or depression or feeling sad, that's when you know you hit the jack pot. Anxiety and depression come out of no where and Paxil helped every times. Been on for 11 years on and off. This time round bout 4th time took longer and little stronger dose but hang on. I swear to YOU it gets amazing. Not better but GREAT. LIFE IS SO GOOD. SEEK HELP
6447	10.0	I started on 10mg Paxil 2 months ago, and my life is changed. I was able to recognize how amazing life is without the shadow of anxiety which caused my depression. I came back to myself. My therapist recommended doing a trial of 20mg to see if my remaining anxiety issues could be subsided as well. I just started today and I feel a little more lethargic than I'd like to and I fear for my sex life. I'm going to try it for a while until my body adjusts and if I still feel out of sorts, I'm going to drop back down to 10mg. The first week or two of symptoms was pretty terrible, I was yawning excessively. VERY nauseous, tired often...but as soon as my body adjusted, an amazing sense of clarity came over me--first time in 15 years. Life changing.
6448	7.0	Took for two days, slept a lot in and out. Felt like a zombie, lost memory, couldn't function normally. Called the Dr. after two doses , he suggested cutting the pill in half , will try soon , afraid to start again, I didn't like the effect at all , but I will try soon again. Lets hope I can tolerate better this time . I will resume tonight, praying this works. I wouldn't suggest driving at all.
6449	9.0	I don't understand why people quit after 3 days starting it. It made them too anxious or depressed - isn't this why you are taking it? It doesn't work overnight. I too am very impatient and would prefer a quick fix. But the first 2 weeks are rough but if your persevere the benefits outweigh the startup. I'm into my 3rd week and it's working really well it is like a lightbulb moment.  I gave a 9 because for the life of me I cannot orgasm but I'll take that over the suicidal thoughts and feeling lifeless anyday... remember give it time your brain needs to adjust... stay strong x
6450	4.0	"I am 35 yrs old male, and I have extreme anxiety (can’t move out from the house) and panic attacks. Started 3 months ago, take only 15 mg/day: 
1st week: extreme nausea
from 2nd week: felt nothing, sometimes I had some light nausea, but nothing serious side effect.
from 4th week: definitely felt myself better, most of my anxiety and panic attacks are gone.
from 12th week: the drug shows his evil side. I don’t know why, but I feel myself like a zombie. The extreme nausea is back, I always have headache, and my appetite is totally lost.
On the one hand this drug is great against anxiety, but on the other hand, has many many terrible side effects.
I guess, I’ll quit, not worth it."
6451	8.0	I'm currently 18 and I have been on paxil for a few months, it's my first try on an SSRI or any medication for anxiety. It works really well, I'm on 20mg and its not that I'm never anxious but my life feels liveable and that's what matters to me. Despite at first always being super sleepy it was nothing compared to thinking wow this is how life is mostly supposed to be like. For me it works, but falling asleep a lot was poo,and there are still certain triggers that I still don't/can't stand but its much better now. Please note people that you don't just quit an SSRI! You have to talk to a doctor on getting off of it or else your brain will be like what is going on. Thus the side effects of withdrawal and so on.
6452	9.0	"Been on Paxil for 17 years, started with 10 mg, stayed with that dosage for about 10 years. Loved it in the beginning, slept great and mood improved a bunch.

Eventually I went to 20 mg. It's worked okay over the years. I noticed some improvement with the increase, but never really significant.The transition from 10 to 20 was seamless.

Over the years I have tried to switch to other SSRIs as it seems the Paxil just wasn't doing it anymore. But none have made me sleep better than Paxil, so I always go back.

After a miserable attempt with Celexa, I'm now trying 30 mg of Paxil. I never thought my dose would get so high. I'm on Day 4, and other than a constant headache, I feel no changes. Hoping my mood and outlook improves one of these days."
6453	9.0	I have been on and off Paxil CR several times over the past 3 years.  It has been a life saver!  I am able to be myself and enjoy life everyday instead of focusing on my Anxiety.  The first few weeks can be a little challenging adjusting to the medicine but it is totally worth some nausea and sleeplessness.
6454	8.0	I have been taking Paxil now for 3 months. Within 2 weeks ALL of my random panic attacks stopped. No more frustration or trying to understand why I have crushing panic attacks... they are gone and I sleep like a baby. It is God sent I lived in turmoil for years. I'm taking 20mg every morning. Only bad part is.... I have almost no appetite and my sex drive is slightly lower than normal. Small price to pay to have peace of mind. Hope this helps.
6455	10.0	Panic attacks almost totally finished
6456	10.0	"I started to get anxiety and panic attacks when I was 24. I am now 30. I have tried multiple of medication for anxiety, bi-polar,depression etc... I was getting the racing thoughts but worst of all was the womp feeling you get it's hard to explain. I was on benzo as well and nothing helped me. Psychiatrist, group talk but your the only one who knows what you feel others do not understand it. I have always been a deep person and would think way to much. I got out of that stage on my own. Trust me it sucks i still get ""crazy"" but on Paxil it really helped me I only take Paxil nothing else. You name it I was on it schizophrenia meds as well. I understand when people say I can't get up I can't go out. Just try it all are different!"
6457	5.0	I started  Paxil after telling my doctor I had general anxiety and the medication worked after two weeks. At the time my anxiety wasn't high but it was a level 3 out of 10 so the medication helped out. I was able to be more social and worry less traveling around NYC, but I noticed that I started to gain weight which sucked. After 6 months I wanted to come off because I noticed i never really needed it and this was the hard part. Coming off it was horrible! It made me have higher anxiety without it, and it was anxiety I never experience before. I've been off for 4 months and I still haven't felt the same since before taking Paxil. I'd really recommend taking any medication like Paxil if you really need for panic attacks or high anxiety.
6458	8.0	After 5 years on Paxil, then 2 years on Paxil CR, I weaned myself off in 2 months. I had severe nausea, and abdominal pain for 3 months. I am back on Paxil 10 mg.daily, under a Physician Assistant's care to eventually wean off. Nausea is gone, as is the abdominal pain. It was so bad for those three months, I was hardly able to function, because of the extreme nausea.
6459	1.0	I used to take   Lexapro but it seemed to stop working so I asked to switch to Paxil. Have been taking it for 4 days it has made me feel 100x worse. Do not like this drug.  Thinking of going back on Lexapro or trying Celexa maybe??
6460	6.0	So far I have been on it 5 days and I am experiencing the worsening of my anxiety symptoms. It's like I can sit still and am in a constant state of panic that even my Xanax is not helping. I am praying that this passes quickly and I start to feel better. I am taking 10mg every morning currently. Supposed to do a checkin with my psychiatrist Tuesday so hopefully the side effects have lessened some by then. I am so amped up with anxiety I am hardly eating and walking about 16,000+ steps a day mainly from pacing. As a stay at home mom of 3 busy kids and a husband who travels frequently I hope relief comes soon!
6461	1.0	I was on 40mg for months and I noticed absolutely nothing.
6462	1.0	I suffer from generalized anxiety, and my phichiatrist prescribed me 10mg Paxil even though I already take 25mg of seroquel. I took it on Friday Morning was good all day. I took it on Saturday, I was a bit sluggish. Sunday morning I took it at church I felt a sudden cold sensation of  the back of my head and down my back. I had to leave early because I started to feel weird. Around 3am I woke up feeling scared out my mind for no reason. I couldn't go back to sleep. The next day I spend all day anxious than at night after I took the seroquel. I was still anxious I laid down and started getting sleepy. My husband was holding me and when I opened my eyes a few seconds later my entire body was tingling. It was one of the worst feelings  ever.
6463	9.0	"Paxil is going to effect everyone differently. What worked great for me, may be the worst medication you've ever tried. I've been on Paxil for 20 years and for a large majority of those years, Paxil really helped me with my anxiety. I've been back and forth between 15-30mg many times. I never had any major side effects from it (not libido, not weight gain). The thing with Paxil is, there's the potential for what's called ""Paxil poop out"" (yes, it's real, Google it) where the Paxil stops being effective. I was completely unaware of this so I was totally blindsided with debilitating anxiety and horrible panic attacks out of nowhere one day. I was really bummed because Paxil had done so much good for me. It's a great med when it works."
6464	3.0	"Was prescribed this at around 16-17 yrs old, for social and generalized anxiety. It did work well, but the excessive sweating and my father's anti-med nagging made me try and quit. I had only been taking it for like 5 months and I felt like I'd been addicted for years. Brain zaps, constant lethargy, extreme and unwarranted moods; these symptoms lasted an entire month, despite my short usage time. 

I'm upset that this was the first thing they tried, on a 17 yr old complaining about social anxiety and the occasional panic attack... That month was the worst I've ever felt, if I wasn't a teen without responsibilities or took it for longer, I don't think I could've ever gotten off of it. Read withdrawal stories before starting Paxil."
6465	9.0	I am 21 years old and I have had sever anxiety and OCD for 5 years. I almost didn't graduate high school and almost lost my job because I couldn't even get out of bed or leave the comfort of my own home so I resorted to medicine. I was also dealing with a slight depression at the time and so my doctor recommended Paxil to me and for 2 years I have been on the 10mlg dose and it works wonders! The only negative thing that I have to say about it is that I don't feel like I have a lot of energy and it made me gain 50lbs..I attempted to get off and with counseling deal with my anxiety on my own and went through extreme withdraws, (brain spasms!!, mood swings, depression.) I love this stuff it changed my life but it sucks  coming off of it.
6466	8.0	"I have always been an anxious person. I'm a musician who performs a lot and have been taking Xanax for performing anxiety. About a month ago I went home to visit my family and started having really bad anxiety attacks that would happen every day. My heart would start racing, palpitations, hyperventilation and numbness in my arms. Every single time I thought that it was the end of my life and I was waiting for my heart to stop. I went and got blood tests and all was fine. Saw a cardiologist and my heart is ok.( I have bradycardia with rbm under 50). 
I saw a psychiatrist who prescribed seroxat(peroxetine) 10 mg before bed. It has been 2 weeks and I'm starting to feel better. Haven't had another panic attack. no side effects either."
6467	9.0	Everyone's experience WILL be different.  I have experienced anxiety all my life, but no depression.  A medium to low dose of Paxil has normalized me.  My previous extreme fear of nautiousness and throwing up has been quelled.  Ativan and Xanax are fine as a temp solution (say for flying), but Pax has provided me with a normal level of anxiety.   I give Paxil 5 stars, but only if you feel anxiety along with some OCD.  Depression, bipolar, might require something else.
6468	1.0	I tried them for 4 months!! It was the worst experience i ever had!! I got brain zaps and could not sleep at all. I have mild severe frontal brain damage from a fall. Coming off them is worse than any benzo I have tried!! In fact there just as bad if not worse than a benzo. atleast the benzo drugs work for anxieties!!!! . If you read about antidepressants like i did on google. You will see that they are nothing more than a addicting placebo . Don't let anyone get you on those medications. Just google the fact that the drug companies are handing them out like candy and they do more harm than good. If you like sex than don't get involved with antidepressants!! Because you will not have any sexual wants whatsoever. I wish they did work!!
6469	9.0	I went on this medication due to me having severe anxiety and mild OCD to the point where it affected me in almost every aspect, I've only been on it for almost a month and so far the results have been amazing, the only side effect that I've really noticed is the fact that I get sleepy so I take  it before bed. Other than that I'm more happy, more calm, my OCD isn't as bad anymore
6470	10.0	"Ive been taking Paxil for around 3 years now,Im under 18 by the way for people who say its not safe,For my Anxiety,the first 2 years i was on it i was on 20mg,then sometime in 2015 switched it to 40mg,Now im on 60mg,and ive never been better,as far as anxiety goes,Ive tried Zoloft and it did nothing but give me more anxiety,I was on Latuda with it and i had to stop the latuda because I had horrible side effects to it,Ive never had a bad reaction to Paxil,maybe other than slight weight gain.
If your going to take Paxil for Depression i wouldent recommend it,but everyone its different,its never helped as far as depression goes,it does slightly help now that im on the 60mg,but im still looking for a anti-depressant to go with it."
6471	4.0	"This drug is great but the side effects outweigh the benefits. After taking this medication for a couple of months, the anxiety definitely stopped. I felt a lot more laid back and confident. However, horrible side effects settled in... First of all, I gained a lot of weight very quickly. I didn't even change my eating habits. In a year, I gained about 20 kg or 40 lbs. I didn't even do anything different. In fact, my eating habits became healthier. Second of all, I developed chronic constipation. The constipation led to hemorrhoids, which are very painful and annoying. I drank a ton of water and I took some laxatives but nothing helped! Third of all, my sex drive went away. It felt like I was castrated. This was highly irritating! Overall, I think that this medication should be a tool to help you cure your anxiety, it should not be a solution. I stopped taking it after a year and I still feel laid back and relaxed, although the constipation is still present! If you can find another way to relieve your anxiety, it's even better. With this drug, you get what you want but ""something's gotta give""."
6472	8.0	Am able to drive around town way better, but not on freeways or bridges. Sometimes feel dizzy when tired or overexerting. Doing more fun stuff
6473	9.0	"* Reminder, everyone's experience is different and you won't know how this medication works for you until you try it.*

I'm 18 and used to suffer from severe social and general anxiety, and mild depression. I've had a bad past with antidepressants but I decided to try Paxil (20mg) because I was desperate. My anxiety is 95% gone, I'm wanting to be more social, and I'm happy all of the time! I don't worry anymore and it's amazing. There are some side effects (which were terrible the first week but reduced with time); headaches, reduced libido, tiredness, smaller apetite {I'm thankful for this one}, and insomnia.
Paxil works amazing for my anxiety and I'm so happy I tried it. I'm making new friends and I think I'll secure a job soon :)."
6474	2.0	Okay so I started taking Paxil a few months ago for anxiety, only 10mg. For the first little bit it was weird, my body felt different and I couldn't eat much, my bowel movements became very irregular. I felt like it was maybe working. I became very tired (I've always been a late sleeper) but it was hard to get out of bed, my thoughts were constantly negative, especially when I would be alone or driving alone. I had a constant headache i didn't want to do anything. I worked out a little bit in the duration but not much. I Couldn't decide whether I should stop or take more and I stopped. It's been about 2 weeks now and I'm starting to feel better and more positive, but still anxious
6475	10.0	Crippling, horrible anxiety brought on by menopause.  Couldn't take hormones.  I went through heck trying many antidepressants.  One smart doctor tried me on lowest dose of generic Paxil, never changed the dose, allowed my system to get used to it.  It worked like a charm!  I am able to work full time and do anything I want.  The side effects are minimal for me.  Yes, I gained some weight but now enjoy taking walks to exercise.  No regrets about trying this med at all.  Life saver!
6476	1.0	Panic attacks and anxiety were completely gone, but with that came tons of side effects. I gained over 40 pounds and it was IMPOSSIBLE lose until getting off of Paxil. No sex drive and couldn't orgasm at all while on it. It made me a little zombie-like, I didn't have any low emotions but not any high ones either. Coming off of it gave me extreme symptoms like headaches, loss of appetite, sore muscles, insomnia, mood swings, and weird violent thoughts. Will all be worth it though once I'm over the withdrawal period. Positive withdrawal symptom: Weight loss!!
6477	8.0	I was put on this medication for anxiety that I experienced suddenly. My initial panick atattack was so bad that I had throat paralysis. I could not make myself swallow, scariest thing ever. I was on paxil 20mg for 6 months before I stopped. The medication helped with the anxiety but the zero sex drive, constantly sleepy feeling and deep yawns with vivid crazy dreams along with 15 pound weight gain was terrible and not worth it.
6478	8.0	"Social anxiety involved with my job was causing insomnia and a feeling of constant dread. I take 20 mg.  Here is how it affects me:
I no longer lay awake at night worrying about the next day.  However, I now wake up several times a night on Paxil, but always quickly fall back to sleep.  So overall, this is a great improvement in sleep for me.  Oddly, my dreams are now very vivid.  I have actually woken up laughing.  Rather than fearing social interaction, now at worst I am mildly annoyed by it. I have not been transformed to a gregarious person, but social interaction it something I no longer fear facing.  Other side effects:  mild constipation, less prone to anger, 80% loss in sexual interest, and alcohol has more of an effect"
6479	3.0	I have taken paxil on and off for roughly 17 years. I thought it was helping and that the anxiety, moodiness and feeling a bit zoned out was normal and hormones. But 10 months ago I changed to Zoloft due to a pregnancy and I feel like a new person. My husband was the first to notice it! My stress levels have decreased hugely and I'm much calmer and life is much easier.
6480	1.0	I was struck with crippling anxiety and panic attacks when I was 20, I am now 37.I was prescribed Paxil and started on 20 mg. Stayed on the med for 6 months. It didn't do anything for me but make me a robot, phased out of my own life and like I was just on auto pilot. I informed my doctor that I wanted to opt out and that I didn't want to try any other meds. So I dropped to 10 mg for two weeks, then 5 mg and off. The reason why I am writing this after 17 years is because I started having abnormal heart beats, Tachycardia, while getting off of the med, as soon as I dropped to 10mg. Even though I got through the anxiety and am completely free today, the Tachycardia remains. There are much safer options today.
6481	2.0	Started 20mg of paxil 3 weeks ago after coming of effexor. At the moment I get a lot of anxiety throughout the day &amp; sweating. Hope this starts to go soon as its still very early days.
6482	1.0	"I took it for a week and could fall asleep at the drop of a hat...and I couldn't afford to being like that.   If you had to work all day all week and sometimes be up during the night. Paxil may work for some, but made me WAY to drowsy. My psychiatrist switched me over to 100mg Zoloft and while that was somewhat better, she also put me on a 150mg Wellbutrin  (zoloft   Wellbutrin commonly called ""Welloft"").

Paxil was no good to me and quite possibly the worst to get off of."
6483	9.0	"This medication has been extremely helpful to me. 7 months ago, I developed IBS, which made me very nervous about my stomach. I slowly became nervous about everything, not knowing that my anxiety was more than just "" little worries."" I was afraid to go to important events, thinking something bad could suddenly happen to me all the time. My mother was noticing these changes in my personality, so then made me go to a therapist. That was when I was suggested to be put on Paxil. I was afraid to take Paxil, but when I was finally forced to, I noticed changes within a week with just 5mg. I moved up to 10mg, and everyone could see changes in how I acted everywhere. I am currently still on 10mg, but even a little can do a lot, even for you!"
6484	7.0	I have tried most SSRIs and some SNRIs. Paxil was indeed the most effective for me with my anxiety symptoms. By now you have probably read the horror stories on the internet about coming off of it. Indeed this happened to me. It was horrible. I went off of it because I thought I was better and ended up off of work because my symptoms got so bad. This was because I was being followed by a GP who did not know about discontinuation syndrome (early 2000s). However, I wouldn't write this drug off necessarily. After the discontinuation hell I experienced I was referred to a psychiatrist who used the taper to Prozac method to get me off of Paxil.This method worked for me. Hope this may help someone to know about it.
6485	8.0	Paxil works great for me but it took 3 months for it to work. That's not surprising however my body has always taken a long time to get used to/accept drugs. My start up side effects were extreme fatigue, excessive yawning, derealization, depersonalization, depression and apathy(apathy and depression could've been a result for the anxiety and not the paxil) . One day while at work it just hit me and I started feeling better happier but not 100%. I'm currently at 30mg which seems to work fine. The only bad thing about being on Paxil for me is the sexual side effects(it is really hard to climax! uhg) Otherwise, I feel fine. In fact, I even have vivid dreams, which for me is nice, and more energy.
6486	5.0	I use to take this drug when I had severe anxiety and depression disorder. My doctor changed my dosage as needed and I took anywhere from 10-40mg at a time. I eventually stopped taking it with my serious side effects and was doing good until recently when I started taking 10mg again. I started getting chest heaviness, numbness and tingling in my arms, hands, feet and head. Leg pain at night. Back pain. Ice pick headaches, heavy headedness, dizziness, weakness. Numbness in throat and trouble swallowing, complete loss in sex drive and unable to orgasm, and I think, white vaginal discharge and severe anxiety. I find most symptoms are worse the first few hours after taking it. I don't know why it's doing this now and not before.
6487	1.0	"Took a single Paxil pill and felt immediately sick within two hours or taking it. This ""sick"" feeling lasted for a solid week. I thought that I probably just got the flu at the same time I started taking Paxil, so I tried it again. Nope, still made me feel sick. I didn't think it was possible to get every single common side effect listed from taking one pill, but I guess I was wrong."
6488	9.0	I have always had anxiety ever since Iwas young but this past summer I was so bad I couldn't go anywhere or do anything. I was even at the point I didn't want to leave the house I was so depressed. I didn't know what I was going to do and I was ruining my daughters and husbands life so I went to the doctor and she put me on paxil 30 mg.  I didn't want to take it cause I  never take pills not even for a headache and was scared how it was going to make me feel. But I took it and it changed my life after about a month I could go places and enjoyed life again with God and my family's help I am doing so much better I still have some days I don't feel good but i don't let it get me down so if anyone is struggling with anxiety there is help out there
6489	9.0	This pill has changed my life. I had no idea how bad I suffered from anxiety until I started taking this. I take 20mg a day and after a month I noticed a huge change. It's been 2 months now and I feel like myself again. I'm so glad I decided to see my doctor and get help. I can't believe I lived for so long being so miserable. I have so much fun now doing things I couldn't do when dealing with my anxiety. I love going out and meeting new people when before I could barely leave the house to grab the mail without having crazy fears. I am able to talk about my anxiety openly to anyone now too which is a huge change. The only problem I have is sleeping, which my doctor had to prescribe another drug for that.
6490	9.0	This medication has worked for me for over five years. I started taking it for anxiety but it has also helped me with my extreme shyness. It throws a wet blanket over your emotions. It does reduce both the highs and lows and evens out your emotions.
6491	1.0	I took this about 3 years ago for a massive mental breakdown I was having panic attacks multiple times a day I couldn't get out of bed I couldn't leave the house I couldn't eat I couldn't do anything I was prescribed this and ativan and eventually after probably a month of horrid horrible experience I started to come out of my anxiety depression all of it I came off of the drug probably a couple months later and was completely fine for about 2 years with just normal anxiety that I could manage. I tried it again a couple weeks ago for the same reason and it was hell was suicidal within the first 3 days in every side effect I can think of I discontinued immediately now looking for something else 
6492	3.0	"My physician prescribed me 20mg of paxil daily when I saw her for anxiety/depression.

The first couple of days I had trouble sleeping and had a lot of energy, but no anxiety.  This drug definitely reduced my anxiety and I felt more sociable, but after a month or so I noticed that I couldn't focus and I started to lose motivation to do anything and had no energy.  I felt more depressed than before I had started the medication, and on my days off from work I would end up sleeping all day.

Quit cold turkey whike taking 5-htp and experienced the brain zaps for a couple days, but now I feel like myself again.   I can't recommend this med.  I think exercise and good diet are more effective at improving my mood."
6493	9.0	"""I have GAD, and after three years of taking care of my younger brother who has severe GAD as well as going through an episode of pyschosis, I was told by my pdoc that I have ""caregiver's burnout"". I was prescribed 20 mgs of Paxil every day and 15mg of Buspirone (Buspar) twice a day. It has been nearly a month now on these meds and I do see an improvement. I'm not sure which one is helping me more but my anxiety level has gone from an 8 or 9 every day to about a 5. I hope to see continued improvement."""
6494	10.0	I am on Paxil for 10 years and I can't live without it
6495	5.0	Worked great for anxiety. I was calling 911 thinking I was dying that's how bad it was. I tried a bunch of SSRI's. Paxil suppressed all my feelings which took the anxiety away. But made me impotent Not a good result for me.
6496	6.0	"I was givin paxil by my doctor, and It works wonders.

It is rare that I even feel most anxiety, and I haven't had an attack in months. I've been on it a couple years and have yet to feel it stop working.

BUT, do not take this if you aren't willing to have a long time commitment with it. One thing the doctor won't tell you about straight up is the withdrawal. I've tried to come off of paxil, out of frustration mostly at the withdrawal effects, and all I can describe it as is a living hell. Confusion blurred vision, brain zaps, vertigo, nausea, depression, increased anxiety, etc. Not for the faint of heart. If you can, go with something else."
6497	8.0	My doctor started me on paroxetine about 6 weeks ago. In the last year i have known i was unhappy, stressed, suffering from panic attacks and felt myself being tired, frustrated, and unable to sleep. My mind would just not stop running! By the end of a work day i was so exhausted and grumpy i would hide in my bed blocking out the world. My kids never understood why i was how i was. Since starting on paroxetine i have become the person i used to be ! Im happy, energetic and sleeping much better! I dont need a nap in the afternoon anymore and once again  love my job! Ive had no side effects!
6498	1.0	I've been taking Paxil for 8 days and have been experiencing horrific nightmares gettin worse each night.  I'm done with this script for sure
6499	4.0	First antidepressant I tried after my first panic attack (which eventually turned into GAD based depression).  This med didn't seem to help at all.  Made me super somnolent yet I couldn't sleep without the aid of a benzo.  My brain just felt overactive.  First time I took it was for about 2 and 1/2 weeks, hated how I felt, got off and was fine.  Second time, a few months later, feelings came back.  I decided to try this one more time.  Again, worse sleep and just made me feel super disconnected and tired all the time.  Mind you, I originally tried at night and after no success with sleep, switched to morning.  After a month, I stopped it.  It wasn't helping at all.  Heard this is most sedating of SSRI's but wasn't for me.
6500	10.0	I have been taking Paxil since 2001, when I was in college and age 21.  I have always been an anxious person.  My anxiety was probably partly biological or genetic and partly learned from my anxious parents.  In 2001 my anxiety became very bad.  For the first time in my life I was having panic attacks and became agoraphobic.  I was hardly eating.  I was also suicidal.  A doctor at my college put me on 60 mg of Paxil daily and 1 mg of Ativan three times a day.  I also began seeing a psychologist and a psychiatrist.  After about half a year I was able to decrease the Paxil to 50 mg per day and the Ativan to once a day.  The combination of Paxil and Ativan saved my life!  My anxiety decreased tremendously and I felt so much better!
6501	9.0	"I've been on Paroxetine for around 5 months due to extreme social anxiety, panic attacks and mild depression. The first few days I had strong heart palpitations and dizziness, and for the first two weeks was completely anxiety free but still very dizzy and constantly felt like I was going to pass out.
After the first month everything settled down and I feel great, very minimal anxiety and Im significantly happier.
The only downside to this medication for me is that if I miss a dose I will know because I become angry and my hands will shake. 
I still absolutely love what it has done for me, and the side affects are well worth it."
6502	8.0	The last 10 years of my life have been hell to say the least. I'm a single father to a 10 year old lovely boy. Over the years however I became a complete recluse with major depression and anxiety. I started taking Paxil 25mg and it has returned me to the confident person I was before and am again able to take care of my son. Thank you for giving my life back.
6503	10.0	I began taking Paxil for my depression and Anxiety. I started at 10 mg. The first night I took it I had horrible dizziness, headache, sickness, and felt weak. The next night I felt fine. Now it is 3 months later and I feel wonderful! No side effects, and I can get through the day without Anxiety being the focal point. I am now up to 30 mg.
6504	9.0	it does takes away anxiety but with cost of lack in libido and supresses all the feelings....very very hard to get off this med.....
6505	7.0	I have been on paxil for almost a year now for anxiety. It works most of the time. I do not have hard core panic attack anymore. My only gripe is if I miss a day I have crazy brain fuzz,  I seem to eat more, and I do not really care about anything.
6506	9.0	After 10 years on citalopram working brilliantly, it 'pooped' out on me. I was put on sertraline which made me 100 times worse and I felt like I was losing my mind. There were times when I was suicidal which never happened before. After 18 months of trying different medications I decided to try Paxil. I was nervous to be honest but I wanted to feel better than what I was. I have anxiety, depression which led to my OCD, mainly intrusive thoughts which were very distressing. I must say that after 2 weeks I have felt better than what I had done in ages. Still not 100% but it is early days. I know everyone reacts differently to medications but do not be put off by negative reviews, this might be the drug for you. I am so glad that I tried it.
6507	10.0	Anxiety has always been a big part of my life. A younger me was able to treat it with my brain but now that I am 45 I was not able to control my fears of what bad thing will happen next. Being the father of 2 kids including a handicapped little boy plus my wife that doesn't work, she needs to take care of my little boy. My fears of losing my job, car breaking down, my son's medical condition and a bad set of eyes were some of my major worries, all things that were unrealistic and mostly out of my control. Living in fear creates more problems then solutions. I started taking Paxil about two months ago and I will tell you that it helps. I feel normal no more fear and able to deal with life's problems.
6508	10.0	I started taking paroxetine about 5 years ago because I was lasting 2 mins in bed with my gf.  I never had that problem before but it was happening all the time.  My doctor told me I had anxiety and put me on paroxetine. Since then I have felt great and never looked back. The premature ejaculation went and I felt much better. I had always had negative panicky feelings but just thought it was normal and everyone felt like this but since starting it I have felt great.  It can be hard if you just stop the side affects are pretty bad but I am happy to keep on taking it because it works for me....hope this was helpful ;)
6509	10.0	I used to be a paratrooper but as I aged I developed anxieties that eventually interfered with my daily life.  For example I became terrified of flying, driving in winter, or crossing bridges.  I got to the point where I would cross a bridge and even though I knew my fears were irrational, I felt like I would pass out when crossing one and would drive many miles to avoid them.  I was talking to a total stranger and mentioned my irrational fear of driving in winter and he suggested Paxil.  He was a rough neck hunter who developed a fear of climbing tree stands which made him unable to hunt.  I figured if it worked for him I should try it!  Thank goodness I did!  Game Changer!  I cross bridges and am amazed I ever feared them!
6510	9.0	I've taken 10 mg for 5 years for panic disorder, and it has drastically improved my quality of life. I also take 10 mg of Buspar because I did experience a very bad panic attack one year ago. I used to take 20 mgs over 5 years ago for 6 months, but it affected my sexual response. I think so long as you take JUST enough, it can really work.
6511	4.0	My first anti-depressant/anxiety. Removed any anxiety 95 times out of 100 but at the cost of no emotions within your daily life, basically a rock.
6512	9.0	I am back to live a normal life.  Almost 2 years ago got depression and anxiety after my divorce and started taking Cymbalta 60 mg. For one year, but was still having problems with anxiety which is one of the side effects of the medicine.  Two weeks ago I started taking Paxil 20 mg at night and I noticed change after a week and today I can say that Paxil gave me my life back.  Please if you start new medicine give it time and you will see light at the end of the tunnel.
6513	2.0	"This drug had some terrible side-effects: loss of sex drive, appetite increase (gained 40pds), and I was falling asleep all of the time.  I could also drink staggering amounts of alcohol but never feel very drunk.  Paxil also made me unemotional to other people's needs - flattening my personality.

Best thing I ever did was get off this drug; eventually curing myself of the anxiety that was causing dizzy spells."
6514	10.0	I've been on Paxil 10mg for 18 years, I used to have severe panic attacks and general anxiety disorder. This has helped me live my life, anxiety is a debilitating sickness that interferes with everything you do in life, but only the people who have it can understand that, I recommend it to anyone who has anxiety.
6515	10.0	Anxiety attacks. Started on 10mg of paroxetine. Felt a small change, only side affects were diarrhea, dizzy but it went away after about a month. Increased anxiety led me to up dose to 20 mg. I feel amazing now. I can say my thoughts of death have disappeared. I feel happy again, taking one day at a time. DONT keep suffering! Get help
6516	7.0	"Works great for my anxiety. Have experienced some negative side effects such as terrible night sweats and ""highs and lows""."
6517	9.0	I had my first anxiety attack when my oldest son was 2 years old &amp; ended up in the ER. My doctor prescribed Paxil &amp; it really helped. I've been on it for about 16 years now..even took it when I was pregnant with my second child. The only side effect I've really had is weight gain.
6518	9.0	This is my second time on paroxetine after suffering with severe panic attacks and depression, I was a complete wreck but had to do something quickly! I tried all the self help programmes as well but nothing worked! The doctor put me on another medicine first (sertraline). I was in a state after 3 weeks and severe insomnia, weight loss due to no appetite! So I decided to go back to paroxetine. I started on 5mg and slowly went up to 20mg over about 5 weeks, I'm now feeling so much better, this medicine has helped me get back to my old self and I'm thankful for that! I'm in the UK so don't pay insurance.
6519	7.0	Paxil is better than other medicines I have taken for my anxiety by far. But, there are flaws with it. Being forgetful, I forget to take my medicine sometimes, and if I forget, I will get sick due to withdrawal. I am also a very skinny person and a picky eater already, and with taking Paxil, I have an extreme loss of appetite. Eating to me is now a chore and my body will not tell me when I am hungry until I go into shock due to malnutrition. But, all of this is worth it to get rid of my terrible anxiety. It is extremely worth it.
6520	9.0	Waking up with negative thoughts and anxiety mostly in the morning, most of my life. Due to major problems at work, Dr gave me Zoloft and the like--- all were HORRID. Finally heard about Paxil, got on it, and the days all became sunny, with birds singing outside, even in winter. Was on it (20mg I think) for more than 8 years. The ONLY downside was major loss of sexual interest. Perhaps the dose was too high. Easily weaned off of it 2 years ago, over 1 month, without problems, except that the anxieties are back. At age 70, I may go back on it.
6521	10.0	I've been on Paxil for 3 days and I honestly can say I've been sleep mostly. Jaws are clicking. But I feel calm .. I hope it works out for Me. I also started meditations so I've been real spaced out. I can barely live my life with my anxiety. I will definitely post in 2 weeks with my progress.
6522	7.0	I have only been on this medication for 3 days. I have had really bad nausea, however I can't believe the difference I feel so quickly. I am about to be a father and I'm really hoping that this medicine will work for me as I haven't had any luck taking other anti depressants. I got to the point where I didn't want to go to work and I would make excuses but actually it was because I was too scared, working as a teacher for young children this would surely brighten anyone's day. I am writing this review so early because last night I had some problems that would usually put me in a terrible state, however I was fine. I have had problems sleeping however as it has only been a very short while I hope these symptoms will disappear soon.
6523	9.0	I have been on this medication for one week, I have mild jaw pain and a bit dizzy but I will take that over the madness I felt a week ago. Suicidal, anxious, crying needless to say I was a mess! I still have a few intrusive thoughts but this is one week and I am grateful I went through 3 medications before finding this one and I am glad to say the least I can get back to being a mother and wife.
6524	7.0	I had been on Paxil for about 2 and a half years but recently I decided to go off of it. I have been off for about 2 months now but have all of a sudden experienced such fear and anxiety. I feel the way I did when I went on the pill, never wanting to leave the house, or go to work.  I need to work but it's so hard to get through the day! Now my doctor says I will probably need to be on this my whole life. I gained weight when I was on it to which I didn't like. Do you think I should go back on it, I can't function like this though.
6525	10.0	I took Paroxetine for 13 years, and I felt great all the time. It is wonderful for treating anxiety, but I took myself off it because I am on Tramadol and it warns not to take it with SSRI's since it could cause seratonin syndrome. I really miss it, but I had no other option. I need the Tramadol for spine pain. Don't know what to take in its place. By the way, neither my dr or my pharmacist worry about taking the two together, but I'm 72 and I don't need any more problems.
6526	9.0	I have been taking Paxil for the past 5 years and it makes me feel great I do not get any anxiety attacks since I started one thing that helps me is the support of my husband and exercise and good eating habits. Theses things assist with living a more richer and happier life. I do not intend on stopping because the good out ways the bad.
6527	8.0	"I developed an extreme anxiety disorder inside my own home. Every day, my anxiety was at a constant 8/10, and if an 'event' occurred, it would become an anxiety attack (10 /10). I was prescribed Klonopin &amp; fluoxetine (which I'd successfully taken before for depression).

This lasted NINE MONTHS. My therapist was giving me useful tools to use to conquer the anxiety, however my symptoms were too high for them to be effective.

My prescribing doctor switched me to Paxil/paroxetine and it changed my life. Within 2-3 weeks my constant anxiety leveled out to a 3 or lower and I was better able to use the tools to conquer any spike in anxiety. Paxil helped me to take back control of my life. Anxiety no longer owns me!"
6528	4.0	Numbs your emotions. Which is fine if you like your positive emotions numb too. Not a serious solution to mental problems, just a way to cover them up. Dont listen to the doctor who tells you to halve your pill every week, you need to taper your dose by 10% and only drop again after about 6 weeks. Please don't listen to opinions of people who have been on this for only a couple of weeks!
6529	10.0	I've been on Paxil since I was 5, I'm almost 20 now. I've had really bad anxiety my entire life. I started at 5mg daily, as I got older, my dosage slowly increased to 20mg, which is my current dose. I had a few bad life experiences when I was younger that caused my anxiety to increase tenfold, so my DR tried to swap the Paxil for something else. Bad idea, none of the other SSRIs worked; I had a severe increase in anxiety and side effects, so he put me back on the Paxil. Paxil has been the only pill to help my anxiety and I haven't had any side effects from it.
6530	10.0	This really works. Been on it for  a week and now feeling much less anxious. My anxiety was pretty bad, couldn't get through the work day without an anxiety/panic attack. Saw a Dr and since then this medicine has really helped.
6531	8.0	"I took Paxil for 5 years for severe panic attacks and anxiety. I got to the point where I could barely leave the house without anxiety. I was on 20 mg once a day and it worked wonders for me. I felt ""normal"" for the first time in years. HOWEVER... I gained 50 lbs. I decided to get off and weaned myself very slowly but still had withdrawal symptoms: brain zaps, severe headaches, dizzy, restless, faint, weak and the list goes on. I have been off for 5 months now and still have symptoms. "
6532	9.0	Really worked for me, paroxetine definitely took the edge off and lessened anxiety symptoms. Would still have benzodiazepine as needed but this was 1-2 per month. Great antidepressant for anxiety &amp; panic disorder.
6533	5.0	"I started Paxil after being off antidepressants for a couple of months for bad anxiety and depression. This medication made me feel like a million bucks within the first couple of weeks. I was able to get up on time, didn't feel tired, and was exceedingly happy.

Unfortunately, I had to get off of it because it caused bad Restless Leg Syndrome for me."
6534	10.0	It really works wonders. I've been on it for almost a week and I'm just so calm and chilled. My anxiety started getting really, really bad. To the point where I'd cry over nothing almost. I'd sit and stress over the most trivial matters, but in my mind they were huge and irreparable. I'd stopped eating, it freak out on my own etc. Being social became a huge issue and rationalizing that everything would be okay didn't work anymore. Eventually I bit the bullet and saw a Dr and since then this medicine has really been an absolute blessing.
6535	10.0	"Great medicine. I suffer minor depression and anxiety. Have my whole life. I been taking this almost 2 years. If you want to stop taking this medicine, lean off it really slow.
I'm taking 20mg in the morning and at night."
6536	9.0	I have taken Paxil on and off my entire adult life. I have always stuck to a low dose at 10MG  a day. I do not have depression, I am just a very sensitive especially in times of high stress, and panic attacks start to take over my life. I had to put my degree on hold, I missed out on vacations with my family, and my professional life suffered as well. Paxil calms my nerves. It keeps me in check so I don't freak out in times of stress. The side effects do exist, but keeping a low dose helps. My libido is affected a bit, I do get dizzy from time to time, and I also have dry mouth. At 10mg a day, once I feel like I am in control again (usually 8 months to a year of being on the medicine) I can stop without any of the bad withdrawals.
6537	8.0	My entire life since a young child I've been fighting post traumatic stress disorder, anxiety and depression. I didn't even know it until I was about 22. I was in a very bad car accident and it changed my life and worsened my anxiety. My panic attacks were so bad I'd be just sobbing and screaming and crying and freaking out in waves throughout the whole day. I finally sucked up my pride and admitted something was wrong and I needed to see a Doctor. I went and he immediately put me on 20 mg dose. It was great I did calm down quite a bit and when I'd have flashbacks it came without panic attacks. It's been a year and I've hit the poop-out. I was at 40mg 4 months ago and now I'm at 5mg and take Wellbutrin XL for this last month to regain my energy. ITS WORKING.
6538	6.0	After trying a few medications my psychiatrist put me on Paxil. I felt like it DID help with my anxiety and depression but that came with a price -- drowsiness, huge loss of libido, and horrible withdrawal symptoms. I was always lethargic and never wanted to go out and do anything, but I felt less anxiety and depression. I would literally go 7  days without sex (with my partner of 3 years) because I just didn't feel like it and I could definitely feel the negative toll it was taking on our relationship but luckily he stuck with me. After getting fed up with the intense side effects, I quit cold turkey -- huuuuge mistake. I felt like I had the flu and the brain zaps were never ending.
6539	7.0	I have depression I suffered for many years in the dark big time. I was too scared to say anything. I finally had to say something. I am a male of course (got to hide those feelings). Things were getting very very bad. I talked to my doctor and a shrink and got me on 20 mgs of Paxil 15 years ago and it really does help with the hell I felt within for years. Please be patient. Hang in there one day at a time if I can do it you can too. I was really bad from what docs say. It takes time to adjust to the medicine but well worth it. Drinking and not taking reasonable care of yourself won't help at all. Live a cleaner life does make a difference. No guilt. The side effects are for me constipation and a bit of brain fog.
6540	8.0	I felt so much less anxious initially, so foolishly, and with doctors encouragement, I stayed on Paxil for 3-4 years.  Two months ago, I started to ween myself off this medicine very slowly. I have never felt so bad in my 72 years of life.  At first, I felt it must be the flu though I'd had a flu shot in November of last year (13).  The withdrawal symptoms of nausea, vomiting, hot flashes. Not thinking clearly, fatigue, extremely vivid and frightening dreams, dizziness, and depression lasted 5-6 days.  My doctor recommended that I go back on Paxil at half a tablet initially, and then a whole tablet after a week.  So it has been two weeks now of my taking a 40mg. Dose each evening.  I tried documenting my terrible experience.
6541	10.0	I started Paxil 37.5 mg ER. 2 weeks ago! I have never felt this good.
6542	9.0	My journey started around 17yrs ago when pregnant I suffered an episode and was put in hospital as my son was due, they gave me 150mg straight off of clomipramine, you can imagine how comatosed I was. Over the next few years I had many crashes on this drug, then about 7 years ago a dr prescribed Paxil, best thing could ever have happened, the positives out weigh the negatives with the side effects, I'm on 15mg would love to reduce again one day, but I'm happy to be stable and of sound mind.
6543	1.0	"I have been on Paxil for two weeks and so far nothing. I take 10 mg in morning and another 12 hours later. I hope it kicks in soon. My anxiety has topped out causing my depression to increase. I have lost my appetite, lost 14 lbs.
Seeing a psychologist in a week. I'm a mess."
6544	10.0	Let me start off by saying that NOT EVERYONE reacts the same way to the same medication. NOW that being said, Paxil was a LIFE SAVER for me! I am 30 now, and I started taking Paxil when I was 19. The first medication Dr. tried for me was Zoloft, which made my Anxiety get SO much worse! I was terrified to being with feeling CONSTANT WORRY, fast heartbeat, racing thoughts. So after 3 days of Zoloft I quit, went back to my doctor and we tried Paxil. IT SAVED MY LIFE, I felt the unneeded worries of the world lift off of my back, racing thoughts stopped, my heartbeat slowed, I could organize my thoughts. It was like I had calmed down for the first time in my life AND IT WORKED IN HOURS FOR ME(don't expect same results, but you never know!).
6545	5.0	This is my second time taking Paxil. For me, it is the only medication that has been effective in treating my anxiety. I've taken just about every medication for anxiety over the past 10 years. In my early 20s, I took Paxil for about 6 months and experienced sexual side effects but only gained about 5lbs. It was horrible to come off of Paxil and I experienced dizziness, headaches, and nausea. I am currently 29 and I started taking Paxil again about 5 months ago due to increased anxiety. While it has been effective in helping me to lead a normal life with minimal anxiety, it has caused horrible weight gain. I gained 15lbs in the past 3 months which is a lot for my petite frame at 5.1'. Due to the weight gain I am currently attempting stop
6546	5.0	"Well, the first time I had a major attack they put me on xanax but it messed with my head really badly and I had memory issues. My discharge papers noted that while medicated by it I had little to no acknowledgement of externally inflicted bodily harm/pain. What I do remember is waking up the next day with a swollen ankle and multiple bruises that hurry like hell from walking into things or just letting the car door close on me.
Later, someone recommended me this treatment, and I%u2019m very grateful with it, i can go anywhere i want without problem, no anxiety, no panic attacks, I'm a new person."
6547	10.0	My body was wrecked with anxiety and depression. I thought I was going to lose my mind .Five days days on paxil and I'm a new person
6548	6.0	Had severe panic attacks and agoraphobia out of nowhere. P doc put me on paxil. Really rough start up symptoms. Dizzy, SUPER spacey, lethargic, bad sweats. After a week or two at 30 mg I stabilized. Anxiety was a bit better, but still pretty bad. Eventually went off it because I was so lethargic and spacey. Felt depressed because I was such a zombie and didn't get excited or wanted to do anything.
6549	10.0	I have taken Paxil for years, my insurance company stopped paying for it, and the pharmacy put me on the generic, the worst thing that could have happened in three days I was an hysterical wreck (I was taking the generic). I started thinking of suicide.  Someone else pointed out above something very important, if you miss a couple of days the side effects (withdrawal) is awful, I was never so sick in my life. If you can take the generic, great otherwise it is very very expensive, and NEVER forget to take it.
6550	9.0	I have just weaned myself off, it has taken me about 2 months. Firstly I cut down to half a tablet for a month then half every other day. The side effects aren't great I felt a lot of vertigo, dizziness and headaches, but finally nearly 2 weeks and I am feeling great! I never in my life thought I would need tablets but sometimes we need a little help. Paroxetine has helped me get back to me. I tell people now its OK to ask for help. I am so glad that I did ask and have tried and now if I need them again in life I wouldn't hesitate.
6551	10.0	Wonderful, best thing ever to happen to me.
6552	10.0	I have been on Paxil for 16 years now.  I have always been really anxious throughout my life and it came to the point where it was affecting everything I did. Paxil has changed my life for the better and has really worked well for me.  I plan on staying on it.
6553	8.0	Paxil has been very helpful with my anxiety, I'm not so tired and am much happier. The only bad thing I have to say about it is if you miss 2 days or more of it- it has the worst side effects I requested a refill to late (so it was my own fault) but I got shocking feelings in my head and finger tips I was light headed all the time and there were a few day I would wake up from a nights sleep and automatically start crying for no reason. I'm still on it and intend on still using it. Just make sure there's no room for cold turkey off of Paxil
6554	10.0	I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression. I take a combination of Seroquel and Pexeva, the two have had a substantial benefit to my condition. I used to be unable to function out in public and private, now I feel more at ease with myself, free going, and less worrying. The side effects however, are very noticeable. Pexeva often makes me feel drowsy and impotent. Its effects have made it harder to focus on everyday work due to it making me feel more relaxed. However I feel that the amount of relief it has given me is outstanding.
6555	8.0	I started Paxil last week. First pills I've taken my whole life, I'm 24. It appears to be working. The 5th day I felt really up beat and good! So far I'm satisfied. No panic, anxiety or depression.
6556	10.0	Paxil has helped me out immensely. At first I was really scared to try it because I was reading tons of bad experiences online, but then I decided I needed to do it. Well when I first started it I had a few side effects like the speedy feelings, the restlessness, the lack of appetite, and lack of sex drive and orgasm. Now I have been on them for 2 months and it is working out so great! I have not had any really bad side effects, and the ones that were there when I first started taking it are gone. This medicine has made my life so much more bearable and worked out great for me!
6557	8.0	About 6-8 weeks ago my doc prescribed 10 mg paxil (Now up to 20 mg) &amp; 0.25 Xanax. The first few weeks I was very, very fatigued! But since I was depressed, I was okay with sleeping the rest of the day after returning home from school. I did experience headaches, nausea, increased anxiety (Xanax helped alleviate anxiety). Within the last 2 weeks, I haven't taken Xanax, my anxiety has dramatically decreased! Depression has also decreased. A few months ago I was scared to leave the house, be around people, an emotional wreck, no motivation to work out. Now I'm happy to go to school, exercise, and be social again. Keep praying and hang in there! 
6558	8.0	I started Paxil 1 week ago and I have only had one little attack. It has given me more energy for work! But I do find myself going home after work and taking a nap! The only bad thing about it so far is I'm clenching my jaw a lot causing my back teeth to hurt and can't really chew that well, may be why I am losing weight also! But it has made my life a lot easier so far! From before I'd have to miss work because of my anxiety!
6559	10.0	"Hello again everyone! I have been on Paxil now for 9 weeks and it has still been a very beneficial addition to my life. I've started to feel like the real me now. I don't feel subdued or Zombied out like some people report. I started on 10mg then my Dr. moved me to 20mg about 2 weeks ago. The only main side effect I've had in transitioning to the higher dosage was severe mania for the first couple of days. It wore off significantly as the days passed. As for the weight gain that ""Paxil causes"", I think it's just that I'm not so anxious to the point of nausea and disgust in food. I love eating and enjoy my food again! My biggest positive in Paxil is that my generalized anxiety is SEVERELY reduced. Panic attacks are down 85% and I feel great!"
6560	7.0	"I've been taking 20 mg Paxil for about 11 years now for anxiety, and though it makes me calmer it has several side effects that I don't like.  1. Decreased libido/decreased orgasm  2.  Constipation  3.  Decreased energy.   A friend of mine also told me I seem more ""delayed"" after I've been taking it regularly. Sometimes I take half a pill or skip days when I feel I need to get more things done, or I want my boyfriend to be happy.  But I notice if I skip it for more than 3 days in a row I feel ""crazy"" and hyper and scattered.  I definitely get more irritable when I'm not on it, but I ""feel"" more emotionally and notice I dance more often in the kitchen with my daughter when not under Paxil's control."
6561	9.0	Paxil saved me from panic attacks and anxiety. It has worked for me for years. I would definitely recommend.
6562	8.0	This med really helped me through a difficult time.  I had ongoing GI illnesses/food allergies that just wiped me out.  It took that to turn to a pharmaceutical aid.  It really did work.  It made me drowsy so I had to adjust from taking it in the morning until bedtime.  After my other physical trials passed (my GI system working properly), I did find that I gained a lot of weight and was a bit flat emotionally.  Even my hubs commented on seeming a bit too indifferent.  I chose to carefully wean off the medicined.  Weaning off the medicine takes a good deal of effort - be prepared for that.  Yet, I was thankful I had this medicine while I really needed it.
6563	10.0	I took Paxil for a total of 10 years for anxiety and panic attacks. I was put on it at a young age, but I don't see how I could have gotten through those ten years without it. Paxil is great and works wonders for anxiety, but I didn't want to be on it my whole life. I'm now 20 and doing great without it. I think the medicine gave me a sense of confidence after a while that made me realize I could get through my anxiety on my own. A confidence that helped me find my own coping mechanisms for my anxiety so that I no longer needed to rely on the Paxil anymore. I highly suggest Paxil to anyone with anxiety disorder looking for a medication to help.
6564	8.0	I was diagnosed with severe depression.  I am 61 years old, and I had no previous problems.  I started on Paxil 14 months ago.  It took 3 months to take full effect.  My doctor started me on 20 mg and then 30 mg to kick start it, and it worked.  I tried to wean off, but I went too fast.  I just went back to 30 mg a day (20/9pm 10/7am) a week ago.  It hasn't taken full effect yet.  I would recommend Paxil, but realize that this medication is very slow to work and dosage changes take time.  Everyone is different.  It has helped me, but it has been a long road.
6565	9.0	This is by far the best medication I've ever taken for my anxiety. It doesn't cause any weird side effects and it makes me a happier less stressed person all around. I had to stop taking it when I got pregnant but when I have my baby I plan to get back on my medication.
6566	9.0	I have had very bad anxiety and subsequent depression now for about 8 years. I also come from a background of extreme emotional abuse which I think was the largest contributor of my panic and high anxiety and fear. I just began Paxil last week....WOW...I really don't know why I waited so long to seek medication advice. Unfortunately it took a suicide attempt to get me where I am today but even after 1 WEEK I feel just so much better. I'm not having severe side effects becasue my Dr. told me to start gradual, which I did and I think that lessened the side effects signifigantly! I will keep updating with my progress but so far so good!
6567	9.0	It's only been one week since starting Paxil (20mg) and I can honestly say I feel great! I have no side effects. I will post once a week and let you know my progress!!
6568	8.0	This medication has evened me out so well so far. Been on it for about a month and what a different. I couldn't lose my temper if I wanted to, and my anxiety and irrational fears have subsided. Very calm since on this... so much that I'm back with my ex-boyfriend who can now trust me not to argue anymore!
6569	9.0	I was suffering with anxiety depression and obsessive compulsive disorder when I was 17. It got so bad that I was willing to try anything to help me even if it was just a little bit. I was prescribed paroxetine and the first day I took it, I could not believe how much better I felt. The anxiety was completely gone and the excessive negative thinking and worrying was gone. It was honestly a miracle pill for me. I'm 27 years old now and have been struggling with stress and OCD again. I'm wondering if I should see my doctor to give me a prescription for this again!
6570	9.0	I first tried Paxil in 2003, after trying everything and I do mean every antidepressant on the market. I couldn't believe in less than a week I was already feeling relief. My mistake: I kept going on and off of it. It eventually stopped helping. So for 3 years I went on Celexa, which helped less than Paxil but more than others. Recently I began getting severe generalized anxiety dsorder along with my Depression. I finally decided to give the Paxil a try again since so much time had lapsed since I'd been on it. Well...it worked again. Feeling better than I have in a long time. Message: Everybody is different so Paxil won't work for all. But if it does you..STAY ON IT. Don't try the on and off thing. Good Luck!
6571	10.0	Changed my life. Confidence, weight loss, anxiety-free.
6572	10.0	"Before Paxil I had used multiple medication for anxiety and depression and they would mellow me out but I didn't really feel ""better"". After starting Paxil I can honestly say I'm the happiest I have been in years and my coping skills are greatly improved. I feel healthy again, my appetite is back to normal, I don't look sickly anymore and I can sleep. Paxil was the miracle for me."
6573	9.0	I have had anxiety for approximately 30 years and have been on Paxil for about 10. What a difference it has made in my life. I would recommend this medicine to anyone who is suffering from Anxiety. I also suffer from panic disorder and just carrying Xanax with me has helped alleviate my attacks.  Only have to take it once in awhile now....Also...working out more has really helped with stress and a great preventative and with a little of the weight gain from Paxil. Take care.
6574	4.0	Paxil helped me a great deal.  Took around 6 weeks to work but well worth the wait.  I feel like a new person, highly recommended.
6575	9.0	Paxil worked absolute wonders for me for six years until 'pooping out' last year. After a disastrous few months on Zoloft I returned to paroxetine which again has made me 'return' to my old self. My alcohol increase (due to work issues) was almost certainly the cause for the medicine becoming ineffective and my return to anxiety and depression.  Many reviews claim SSRI's don't work as well the 2nd time which is slightly true. I feel normal again without the 'serotonin high' I had first time around. Paxil/paroxetine is a miracle for me and though it has killed my sex drive and gained my weight slightly I cannot imagine life without.
6576	1.0	This medicine made me emotionless. For the first couple of months I was fine and now I can't be happy when I want to or sad when I want to. I also have no sex drive. I'm on Paxil for anxiety, but because it works as a mood stabilizer as well it took away my personality.
6577	4.0	I've been on it for a few days now in an attempt to get off Zoloft. I've been diagnosed with depression and anxiety as a result of PMDD. Today I took a very low dose while tapering off Zoloft and its not pleasurable at all. I'm nauseous, extreme dry mouth and severe anxiety. I work with the public and felt so jittery that I couldn't work. I am willing to tough it out with some support and compassion from my family, friends and co-workers but I don't like feeling like something is controlling my ability to function. I really hope it improves.
6578	9.0	I have had a chronic depression since I was about 2 years old.  Paxil lifted the feelings of always walking around in depression and changed them to a normal level of feelings and emotions! Who could ask for more?
6579	9.0	Paroxetine worked absolute wonders for me when I first started the paroxetine 6 years ago.  My mood elevated so high to the point of work colleagues questioning my 'nightclub activities'. The 'serotonin high' also made me aggressively confident and involved a few flashpoints including a physical fight- my first for 15 years. While it worked it was GREAT.  However, it lost it's efficacy suddenly a few months ago and I was prescribed sertraline/Zoloft which was a disaster.  Headaches, Nausea and insomnia was my bodies reaction to this medicine.  Have now been put on citalopram and hoping this will be effective.  My doctor suggested I may try paroxetine again if I don't respond to citalopram.
6580	5.0	I've been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and have been taking Paxil for about 3 months. When I first began the medication I completely lost my appetite. I dropped 10 pounds within the first 2 weeks without even trying. After about a month it leveled back out. However, even after 3 months I still don't sleep well on it. It has also taken a toll on my sex drive. I'm in the process of quitting Paxil to try something new. You do not want to quit this medication suddenly. You will experience terrible withdrawal symptoms. Even though I am quitting gradually they are still quite intense.
6581	10.0	I have been on it for almost nine years now. I started having anxiety about 10 years before then and I struggled through almost anything I set to do. Since my doctor put me on paroxetine, I've been myself again. Totally calm. Can't believe I didn't get to know about it earlier. It's a God send.
6582	10.0	I have health-related anxiety issues.  Ten years ago I took 25 mg Paxil CR for about a year and it was a life-saver.  No side effect, no withdrawal issues.  A month ago my anxiety returned for a new reason. My doctor started me on 20 mg citalopram. I think I had every side effect possible and made my anxiety worse.  I switched to 12.5 mg Paxil CR and within three days was a new person.  For me, there is no better medicine.
6583	8.0	Paxil worked very well for my anxiety. I used to not be able to function in a crowded room but now I am fine. I find that it also gives me sturdy thick erections which I never used to have.
6584	6.0	I took this medication for 7 years on and off. I would always try to taper off and be free of it but I always ended up going back to the point that I NEEDED it. I had side effects of being sleepy constantly, and gaining 30 lbs. But I did feel better overall. I've been off of it for a year now and debating going back on it.
6585	8.0	I took Paxil for nearly 9 months and it seemed to cure all my ailments. I didn't realize how many things were attributed to my anxiety including, chest pains, nausea, headaches, etc. I really felt great (after a week or so of insomnia which is a common side-effect). I recently stopped taking Paxil since I was feeling so great. That is really tough. I had awful dizziness (but again this is to be expected) for about 10 days. Several weeks later I am realizing I felt much better on Paxil and am thinking of returning to it.
6586	10.0	Has helped me tremendously with anxiety and depression for almost a decade.  Don't recall any side effects though.  Start on a low dose and always taper it down slowly when going off of it or you will feel crazy!
6587	8.0	On day one, I noticed a calmness come about me. Now I'm on day 6 of 20 mg and still calm but, not emotionless. I love that I'm not quick to anger anymore. I am having minor panic attacks however. The doctor said it may take a full 6 weeks to feel the full effects. I was having serious panic attacks at night in my sleep and those have gone away. I keep clenching my jaw, that started on day 2. I am really tired like I've taken a Benadryl and I have to nap or I wont make it to bedtime. I am enjoying life much more though and I'm seeing all of the things I missed because I couldn't relax or enjoy the moment. I have two months of pills and then the doctor wants to see me so hopefully shes not going to pull me off. I feel like a new woman.
6588	10.0	I have been on Paxil for 10 years with no side effects. Great to relieve anxiety and depression.  I recently had to take predisone and it has thrown everything out of whack.  The doctor increased my Paxil by 10 MG. Been on the increased dose for 16 days and have not seen a great improvement.  I hope and pray it kicks in soon this raises my dose to 30 MG from 20 that I was on for all those years.
6589	7.0	I took this medicine in college and it really did help with the incessant worrying. However, it made me a careless pleasure seeker who engaged in risky and unproductive behavior. Needless to say I received a 0.0 GPA the one semester I took it.  I did enjoy my time however and still have fond memories but know now that I have too many lazy tendencies to take this medicine.
6590	8.0	I have been taking Paxil 20mg for about 4 months now. I suffered with anxiety which caused lightheadedness and shortness of breath for two years before I decided to try medication.  When I first started, I had more anxiety than ever and some depression which I never had before taking this medication. It took about six weeks to feel the effects and it works. To those out there struggling with this medication just give it the 6-8 weeks to work before giving up. Also, try relaxing things like baths and reading and even exercise.  I finally feel like myself again. I have some rare moments of anxiety but nothing at all like I had before seeking help. This is a good medication.
6591	10.0	I do great when on this medicine but if I run out.. I feel nauseated, my head feels like it's swimming, I feel mad and snap easily. So don't run or stop without your Doctor's help. I see my Doctor today, I can't wait.
6592	10.0	I never new life could feel so good. I wish I had this 20 years ago things would have been so different, and my husbands life would have been much easier.
6593	10.0	I've been on Paxil for almost a year now. My panic attacks where so bad, as soon as I wake up boom panic attack almost all day! It was bad guys Paxil is a God send.
6594	6.0	Been on Paxil for about 13 years up to 40 mg a day. If I miss a pill or two start to get like electric shocks through my body, so make sure you take them daily.  Still have Xanax as back up. Sometimes wonder if the Paxil works good enough. Lately stress level is so high and life events are just driving me crazy.
6595	10.0	Been on it for 12 years, and couldn't stand the anxiety attacks any more, now I hardly have any attacks. This medicine works for me.
6596	9.0	I was put on Paxil for anxiety, depression and OCD.  I have loved it!  The only side effect is a bit of tension/anxiety that they say will pass.  But the big problem has been the fact that I cannot orgasm anymore.  I have been on Paxil on for 5 weeks, but noticed this problem in the first week.  I have an appointment with the doctor to have an update and discuss this issue.  Will post the results as I don't really see anyone else posting what has helped with this.
6597	5.0	Tonight was only my 4th night on the pill. My doctor has me on 10 mg at night for the first week. So far, the side effects are very uncomfortable. I mostly feel them right after taking my dose. My mouth is so dry, I'm nauseous, gassy, I can't sleep and I'm exhausted. I know the doctor said it could take weeks to work, so I'm not knocking it yet. Also, some reviews I have read say that some of the side effects disappear and I am certainly counting on that. So far, I haven't seen much change in my anxiety and hopefully it comes soon.
6598	5.0	I have had anxiety all of my life. Didn't know until I finally took a serious look with my wife. Doctor prescribed 10 mg. Had muscle restlessness, chattering teeth and insomnia, which I already had and Paxil made it worse. I've had sex for a while i=with no orgasm and no ejaculation. Additionally, Paxil makes me have the urge to drink alcohol were there was none before. Going to my doctor to get something else.
6599	6.0	I've been taking Paxil for about 4 weeks now and I'm finally starting to feel like my old self . The first couple of weeks I felt horrible and thought about stopping the medicine but my doctor assured me that it would get worst before it got better.
6600	9.0	I have been on Paxil for about 6 years now and it has really helped lower my anxiety and elevate my mood. When I first started taking it, I noticed I felt calmer and in a better mood within the first 2 days on 10 mg per day. After a couple of months on Paxil, I felt a lot better, but was starting to build up tolerance so my doctor had me increase the dosage to 40 mg/day. The side effects were mostly sexual (decreased sex drive and harder to reach orgasm). I also have experienced weight gain, increased appetite and sleeping more while on Paxil. I highly recommend this drug but make sure not to stop cold turkey because the withdrawal symptoms can be severe with Paxil.
6601	8.0	My anxiety has improved and I am sleeping much better. Only possible problem I have noticed is a dip in my mood on the depressed side.
6602	10.0	I initially went on Paxil 13 years ago after suffering from major anxiety/depression. Worked great and within a month I was back to work. It gave out on me and I would get my dose increased and would than feel better once again. I made a horrible choice of stopping it cold turkey last summer and I am still paying for it now. Been back on it 20mg for a week and already feel better. This is after trying Lexapro and Prozac with negative results after approximately 6 weeks of each. I am a example that if something works and plateaus don't stop taking it, make the necessary adjustments. Paxil has saved my life once and it appears like it is again after trial and error with other drugs and treatment alternatives. Paxil is great for anxiety.
6603	10.0	I have been on Paxil for 2 weeks. If you have anxiety please try this drug. The first week was hell. I had headaches and mood swings. Then my whole life slowed down so I could catch up. Good Luck!
6604	8.0	Paxil may have some minor side effects but it has helped me a great deal. I do fidgit my hands and feet a bit but have no real side effects as long as I take it responsibly. When I first began, I could miss a few doses without problems but now it only takes one missed dose for me to feel it. And if you try to quit cold turkey it will have some serious side effects. Overall, I couldn't imagine living without it now that I've found relief from my anxiety.
6605	8.0	I've suffered from generalized anxiety since I was a child, but only recently decided to do something about it. After having annoying side effects with Zoloft, I switched to Paxil. The first week really brought out my anxiety symptoms, and I wasn't able to get a good night's rest for well over a month, but it's really developed into a miracle drug for me. My only side effect is occasional chattering teeth, but it's a small price to pay for feeling great. My only regret is not trying this years ago.
6606	9.0	After coming off Prozac in June I started to have panic attacks, was stressed all the time and would worry so much about the smallest things. I had to go off work sick due to the panic attacks, fear and depression. I literally did not want to live, I have been on paroxetine 20mg for 8 weeks and I have got my life back. I am my happy self again, panic attacks have stopped, and I feel so much calmer. It has literally saved me. This is the best antidepressant for me (and I have tried several in the past) side effects include sleepiness (take more naps) and lack of orgasm but I'm so content I don't even care! Good luck, and give it a try. 
6607	10.0	I've had insomnia and anxiety problems since 2005. I was on Paxil for around two years because I had really bad muscle tension and excessive worry. I finally got to the point where I could not sleep two hours at night. I've tried Effexor, temazepam, trazodone, Lunesta and Paxil is the only medication that calms me enough to go to sleep and stay asleep. I can easily get eight hours after being on Paxil for 4 days to a week. I tried to get off of Paxil once to see how I would do with no medication at all and after 9 months my insomnia came back again long term and lasted for over 3 weeks so I went back on Paxil again and I've been getting quality sleep ever since. Paxil was a lifesaver for me.
6608	8.0	"I have been taking paroxetine for 3 weeks and it has helped alot. I could tell the first week! I had anxiety, panic attacks and insomnia and it has helped in all areas. I even got my appetite back! Just trying to get back to ""normal"" sleep pattern. My pharmacists told me about melatonin 1.5 mg a night and it is helping as well. Good luck and don't let all the negative stuff freak you out like it did me!  "
6609	1.0	I was on Paxil for 13 years.  It helped my anxiety in the beginning but made me emotionless.  I almost never cried or got angry.  My sex drive was non-existent.  I had terrible withdrawal symptoms when I tried to get off of it.  If there is another option for you besides Paxil, look into it.
6610	6.0	I've had anxiety for five years,and started taking Paxil since my first anxiety attack. In all this time I've been on Paxil, I only had about 2 to 3 attacks. The problem that I have is feeling dizzy or light-headed since my first attack. It wont go away and it makes me feel tired and lazy. Paxil has helped me with the attacks dramatically, but the light-headedness is still there. 
6611	10.0	I am on my 3rd week of taking Paxil.  The first week was difficult as my side effects were nervousness (which makes you think you are having an anxiety attack) and sleepiness.  After about 4 or 5 days I started feeling better and better.  I have only had 1 very small attack since being on it.  I feel SO much better and happier.  I finally feel like myself again. Good luck to all of you!
6612	9.0	Paxil is a miracle drug for me.  I would have panic attacks to the point I had a hard time driving.  Thoughts of doom and panic would control me.  This drug has relieved just about all of it.  I have had 0 panic attacks.  Although I still get some breakthrough anxiety, I can now enjoy my life due to this drug.  I highly recommend it.
6613	5.0	I've just started this and have been on it for a total of one week. I'm having unbearable side effects even though I'm following doctor orders, and constantly praying they'll go away eventually.
6614	10.0	I love it. It works for me very well. I take 25mg every morning.
6615	8.0	I have been taking Paxil for 5 months. My anxiety had gotten so bad that my wife took me to the ER at 3AM thinking I was having heart issues. I visited my doctor shortly after that and he prescribed Paxil. After a few days of taking it, I felt so much better - finally, relief! I didn't even realize I had so many symptoms of anxiety until I was on Paxil. I feel better than I have in two years. HOWEVER, there are sexual side effects (decreased sex drive and difficulty achieving erection and ejaculation). Since I'm a newly married man in my mid-twenties, these side effects are very frustrating. Other than that, this drug has been very effective in treating my anxiety.
6616	6.0	23 year old male. Been taking Paroxetine for the past 2 weeks for my anxiety attacks which prevented me from working.  Worked great at controlling the anxiety, but the side effects were too much.  Every night I would take the medicine (anytime from 7-10pm) and would wake up at 3am and 5am for no apparent reason.  Caused me to be tired throughout the day.  Also caused an overwhelming minty taste in my mouth/throat.  Made it hard to concentrate on work. 
6617	10.0	this drug makes all my anxiety go away.or makes it not as noticiable to me.
6618	8.0	I started taking paxil 13 years ago. I had severe panic attacks. It gave me my life back. Mild side effects. A little sleepy. I just hope it has no long term damage but at least I can enjoy my life.
6619	5.0	Bipolar Disorder: This medicine has helped reduce my symptoms of anxiety, agitation, and impulsiveness.  But it does not help with depression symptoms in the long run.  It has caused my mood to go up and down, even though I'm using other medicines to stabilize my mood.
6620	9.0	I've been taking Paxil 20 mg for 6 years now and it has done wonders for my anxiety and panic attacks.  I've had no side effects or weight gain.  It took about 5 weeks to kick in but when it did I was able to get back to normal and start enjoying the things I loved again.
6621	8.0	This has helped me, I can actually work in public.
6622	8.0	I have been on Paxil for 6 weeks now and it just finally kicked in. I suffered with anxiety and extreme panic for 6 years. Now I'm fine. I can't believe it. It's my wonder drug. My life feels normal now. However, I stopped taking it for three days in a row and I felt crazy, so do not cold turkey this drug.
6623	10.0	I started taking Paxil about 7 or 8 years ago for anxiety.  I had been in the hospital for an arrythmia at age 24 and it totally freaked me out.  After that, every illness I had I was sure it was my heart and I started to panic and check my pulse frequently. I ended up in the ER about twice a month thinking I was dying. My PCP finally suggested Paxil.  Since then I have had ZERO panic/anxiety attacks.  I have had problems occasionally with ejaculatory dysfunction, but not often enough for me to be that upset.  Besides, the trade-off is feeling better and living normally. It has been great for me and I hope you have a similar experience.
6624	2.0	Probably the worst drug i've seen for anxiety.
6625	7.0	I have epilepsy, anxiety problems, headaches, social problems, PMDD and OCD, this is my all all in one pill. Helps my anxieties and my headaches even my raging hormone levels. I don't know how crazy I would be without it.
6626	10.0	For over a year I suffered from unbelievable anxiety. Something very new to me. I first thought it was because my son was in Iraq, and my Dad had died, but I soon thought there was more to my anxiety. My doctor prescribed Paxil and wow what a difference. This is a very good drug for anxiety.
6627	9.0	Paxil changed my life so far. It's been 3 months on 10mg's and my anxiety is all but gone. Sometimes when I have PMS I still get some anxiety but I am not willing to take more than 10 mg's so I will live with that. If taken properly it is great.
6628	10.0	This drug has worked great for my anxiety, 10 mg and it takes the edge off.
6629	10.0	I was given Paxil 3 years ago. I didn't know what a basket case I was until I started getting better. No side effects at all. I will encourage any one to at least try it for 6 weeks it is a great drug if you truly need it.
6630	9.0	I was taking Prozac for few years to treat my symptoms of depression, but I could still feel anxiety and irrational fears (like being alone in the house), then my therapist suggested to switch to Paxil CR and my whole world has changed.  I'm not scared anymore and I feel a lot better.  I am optimistic, enthusiastic, outgoing, etc.  Paxil works for me.
6631	6.0	"I take 30 mg a day. My only complaint is embarresing but I'm having trouble with have orgasms. The desire is still there but my husband has to work real hard! I use to be ""Easy"". Now there is no such thing as a ""Quicky"". I spoke to my doctor and he says when my unchangeable life evets calm down he can swithch me to Effexor XR which is suppose to be better. We'll see."
6632	10.0	I have been taking Paxil for about 6 years now off and on.  After a while they stopped working, my doctor switched me to something else. Can't remember the name but that did no good for me. I stopped taking them and am going to the doctor to go back on Paxil. It's the best treatment I have had.  It kept me calm for years, it's great for this condition.
6633	7.0	I was taking Paxil for both depression and anxiety.  It worked very well for me for the past four years.  My husband could definitely tell the difference, and if I missed a dose, the effect was immediate.  However, I was not aware that it could cause weight gain, and I have gained over 40 pounds even though I am eating healthy and exercising.
6634	10.0	"I have been taking Paxil for about 6 months.  Before that I was taking Zoloft for depression.  While I was no longer depressed feeling on Zoloft, I realized that was getting stressed out about little things. I have always been ""high strung"" and full of energy.  Since starting Paxil I have calmed down and I am able to relax. I have just started taking Niravam for high stress moments. I have gained weight and I am also tired feeling, but the peace of mind is worth it"
6635	10.0	I have been taking Paxil for about 6 years now and it stopped my anxiety attacks almost totally.  Great help and balances out my stress level with being a professional working mom with 101 things to do a day.  Would recommend it highly.
6636	10.0	I am a long time general anxiety disorder (GAD)  and panic sufferer.  I went on effexor XR since celexa stopped working for me.   I love it.   I feel better, I feel more motivated.  I've lost 25lbs because I am out now out walking and just living my life with no worry or anxiety anymore.   I still have a little but nothing like it was.   My husband says I am so different for the better.  We are so happy since I took it.  My husband saids laughingly thank you effexor. lmao.  I have to agree. It works for me.
6637	10.0	I have taken depression medicine few times in my life. I was on sertraline 50mg the first times and then it had to be 100 mg. This last time I took it like 4 months and it never kicked in, my doctor prescribed me Effexor 75mg capsules . This is my second day on them I feel little different I have a feeling they will work. 
6638	8.0	I tried Effexor XR 75mg twice per day some time ago, in 2016 - but didn't like it so stopped after a couple of weeks or so.  I don't recall any side effects.  Lately I have just been having bad thoughts, sleeplessness and anxiety including vertigo and dream like states to almost passing out as well as attacks of sudden depression.  I started again on 75mg once per day, and I feel much more level and like I can deal with things.  Still finding my place on it, getting my concentration and focus back, hopefully before my next assignment is due ... sigh, but I am having a positive outcome thus far.
6639	1.0	Gave me hypoglycemia upon wakening and panic attacks...at the lowest dosage of 37.5 mg when added on to Lexapro. Never again.
6640	9.0	I have been on and off this medication for years - it has been the one that has worked best for me always.  I will start to feel I need more and try something else, but I always come back to Effexor XR.  I take 37.5 mg.  I have NEVER had a zap or cried when going off the medication or forgetting a dose, although I am on a low dose.  It is what makes me feel the closest to normal of all the medications I have tried.  I do have to say that Paxil was the first med I ever tried and it totally removed all anxiety, which was what I needed at that time, but I put on 40 lbs with it and have struggled with that weight ever since.  I have come to understand that we all need a wee bit of anxiety in our lives or else what would be the catalyst to get out of bed or work out or be a better person.  But when the anxiety becomes unhealthy some of us we need the help that only a medication can give us.
6641	5.0	People should say if they are male or female. It works differently on them. I think it works better for male
6642	10.0	Had panic attacks for 21 years and eventually put on Effexor.  What a relief would not give these up for all the tea in China fantastic
6643	8.0	I’ve now been on venalflaxine for almost two months now and it has been a life saver. I was expecting very crippling anxiety and then depression because of the anxiety. I tried Lexapro (a SSRI) before and it made me in a manic state and terribly sick, so I was very hesitant of taking another medication but the SNRI has been working well. I was hit with side effects such as increased anxiety, foggy or high feelings for the first week or so. Now all I am seeing from this drug is a harder time having orgasms or no sex drive, insomnia, and the worst hangovers ever even after 1 glass of wine. But, reading reviews isn’t going to help especially if you’re hesitant about taking a anti anxiety or antidepressants because everyone has such different experiences. I’ve talked to people and they loved Lexapro and I thought I had the flu and I’m was a nightmare from it. And I’ve talked to people who hate venalflaxine and I love it.
6644	9.0	I developed severe IBS-D and OCD anxiety symptoms building into agoraphobia, which became progressively worse, to include suicidal thoughts and led to a legitimate nervous breakdown. My doctor prescribed Effexor supplemented for a short time with Clonazepam to get through this period and I was able to within a few weeks. An overlooked effect of this drug is that my stomach issues improved CONSIDERABLY (75mg), while Zoloft had made it worse. I highly recommend this for anyone with IBS-D or OCD type anxiety symptoms. It is very difficult to wean off of, but I am now pregnant and have come down to 37.5mg by going down 12mg every 2 weeks with minimal side effects. A perinatal specialist recommended I not completely go off, just wean down. Though the baby has not been born yet, I had a comprehensive ultrasound done to check for birth defects and everything looks very healthy. Good luck and I hope this helps!
6645	10.0	I have been on this drug for 2 weeks and am already in love with it. I feel like it’s balancing out something in my brain that has been broken a long time. I feel like if I’m not constantly struggling and fighting to lose weight the pounds just pile on. When I stop exercising while sick I gain everything back. I also have depression and anxiety. Most pills make me feel like a zombie. So since starting this drug I have lost almost ten pounds in 2 weeks. And I haven’t even tried! I am less hungry, like if I’m not hungry food doesn’t even look good. I was on vacation for one of the weeks I’ve been on Effexor and didn’t eat the healthiest, but did eat less. I haven’t exercised either, except for a few days here and there. I know it takes longer to see the real effects of the drug, but I’m already less anxious and the weight is just falling off. No bad side effects except a little constipation and a slight head ache the first week.
6646	1.0	"I can stress enough that this drug should be a LAST RESORT. The withdrawals are horrible, and the multitude of people stating such are not lying. I was warned about the withdrawals by my psychologist, so I asked my Dr that was prescribing this med. She said the withdrawal horror stories were not true - WRONG. She has never taken this drug - the stories are true. I was only on it for 2 months (it made me much much worse, not better) and am currently going through the withdrawal (day 4). It's absolutely awful, fatigue, nausea, diarrhea, suicidal thoughts, anxiety, wanting to cry for no reason out of nowhere (I'm a 6'1"" 215lb man!). Some people may have no other choice but I would exhaust ALL OTHER OPTIONS before allowing yourself to be put on this stuff. Eventually you will need to get off, and the longer your on it the harder that gets.  Everyone is different, but scour the internet, you pretty much can't find ANYONE that stopped this stuff and didn't have issues."
6647	10.0	Effexor saved my life! I was unable to tolerate existing, and realized I wouldn't tolerate it much longer, I was gonna put a stop to it. I was anxious before, but this realization put it over the top. But then I remembered someone at a key time recommending Effexor, and asked my psych. for it. Problem solved! Anxiety gone! (Though actually it increased my anxiety a little and increased my ability to deal with it a lot, which is the same thing.)
6648	5.0	I'll just rate this middle. It helped with my mood and anxiety some but at some point I started getting side effects my psych said happen to people in withdrawal - but I was taking the dose I was prescribed everyday, which was 150mg after being 75mg. It started getting really hard to get up and I always felt like I was beaten by a bag of oranges everywhere every night at some point upon waking. I'd want to wake up and even try to roll onto the floor but opening up my eyes and getting up were just... hard.I  can't remember exactly what it was like but I truly did want to wake up. I would also just feel confused about simple things and had to really try to think to tell if I was sleepy at times or had low blood sugar since I have issues with *low* sugar levels
6649	1.0	When I finally had the courage to seek professional help for my depression and anxiety, I was given this drug to try. I'd never been on antidepressants before and was hesitate about it. I taken this and straight away I felt very sick. I was always crying when I had no-one present with me, dizzy, needing to vomit, etc. Ended up in ER. I went straight off this med and tried something else. Don't be put off from trying this drug from my comment. It affects people differently and for me, this drug just didn't work out, but another one did.
6650	10.0	I feel it's important to share because as a mom I was on line in the middle of the night searching for answers for my daughter. She is 13 and has anxiety. At 4 she had night terrors and then would pass out with any pain. She started to be difficult to take to school in 4th grade due to the fear of throwing up. She was put on Lexapro after my great hesitation as she was so young. It helped a little. When 7th grade hit her body was 2 seconds from fight or flight. Frequent panic attacks were long and exhausting. Long story short she had genetic testing done and Effexor was on her list of Med's that should work. She is like night and day after around four weeks. Its about finding the right med for you. Genetic testing is a start.
6651	10.0	This drug has changed my life for the better I have been on and off anxiety drugs for 30 years would come off them for a few years and the anxiety and panic would always return. After 2 years on citalopram came off went 2 years being off them then anxiety returned went sertraline what a nightmare after 2 months stopped because of very bad side effects after 4 weeks went back on for 3 months suffered really bad again phoned Docs changed me to venlafaxine 75 mg slow release sat and looked at them for a month terrified.  Eventually phoned Docsb who put me straight.  I took them and what a difference I am alive again and no problems 10 out of 10 saved my life and life is good again never felt so good. After 30 years this is the one for me. Thx. Do not be afraid of this
6652	4.0	This medicine worked very good for my anxiety. I took it for 4 days, but as a newlywed the side effects were too much. I had no sex drive and it woke me up at 3am and I couldn't go back to sleep. I stopped taking it as soon as I realized these two issues. I was on the 37.5 dosage.
6653	10.0	I suffered from depression and anxiety all through university. Effexor helped me finish my degree and I couldn't be happier. Everyone can react differently, just pay attention to your body.
6654	9.0	I have taken venlafaxine for roughly 4 years now.  It still works great for my anxiety.  I take 75mg twice a day and it nicely keeps obsessions and anxiety under control.  Keep your mind open and keep looking for the right med for you.
6655	8.0	I have tried quite a few antidepressants (fluoxetine, citalopram, trazadone, quetiapine amatryptaline,) but they all seemed to have side affects that I couldn't handle. I was prescribed venlafaxine XL 75mg twice a day. The start was pretty intense I suffered clenched jaw, constant yawning and excessive sweating however I kept taking them for a month and the side affects slowed right down. I think the worse side affect long term is insomnia, forget having a cat nap in the afternoon because you'll pay the price at night. The good points are that my life is actually feeling normal. My anxiety has gotten fewer and fewer to not having any. I can face the world and I can smile again. This drug has probably saved my life. I'm me again ☺️
6656	1.0	My son was prescribed 75 mg venlafaxine by his physician for anxiety and depression. He had many of the side effects for 18 months without realizing it was from the drug. Excessive burping, yawning, insomnia, mood swings, and tremors. He stopped taking them and after 8 days had a manic episode from the withdrawals. He was hospitalized in ICU for 4 days. It almost killed him. Do not take an anti-psychotic or anti-depressant drug without a diagnosis from a psychiatrist. This type of drug must be monitored weekly by a professional. After follow up care with a psychiatrist said he has probably never been depressed but had situational anxiety disorder from the pressure of college. He now has PTSS from the experience getting off the drug.
6657	1.0	As soon as I started on this drug I experienced an inability to ejaculate.  I tried to come off it once and it landed me in the hospital.  That was with a period of weaning me off Venlafaxine 75 mg ER.   I would not advise any active male to take this drug.
6658	10.0	I was prescribed the Effexor ER for acute depression and anxiety after a death in the family and only took it for a month, but it made me sane and able to face every day as a teacher without crying randomly throughout the day. That was 2 years ago. I was prescribed it again for the same thing when my fiance passed away. I thought I was ready to stop taking it after 3 weeks but I found myself fighting back tears over small incidents like breaking a pen or a student asking me a simple question about the material. I started taking it again and it's been a life saver for me. I can still take the time to reminisce at night and grieve, although the tears seldomly come. If you aren't on it long then the withdrawal isn't bad at all. Hope this helps!:)
6659	2.0	I was prescribed this for onset of anxiety and possible hormonal mood swings. I was not told by my doctor how it would make me feel or how hard coming off of it would be. I took one 37.5 mg capsule and was horrified that I was given this. I woke up at 2am with an anxiety attack for about the first hour. It then went into being wired, nauseous, shakey, weak, chills and sweating. 11 years ago I quit using meth and this was awful that I felt like I was on it again. I laid in bed the entire day, wide awake and ill. I never took another dose! And even one pill took at least another full day to leave my system. My nervous system is obviously sensitive and I could not handle this medication at all.
6660	10.0	I started Effexor XR (generic version) about 3 weeks ago. I will admit, the bottle sat on my counter for a week before I took my first one, because the negative reviews terrified me. I finally took one and I am so glad I did! I have been on practically every anxiety/ depression med there is and had kind of lost hope with them working. I have also tried several different natural methods and they helped a little bit, but not nearly enough. I struggle mainly with anxiety and have for about 15 years now. By day 3, I had already noticed a difference. It's been 3 weeks &amp; not only is my anxiety significantly better, I no longer have swollen joints or numbness in my hands &amp; feet, I'm so much happier &amp; way less stressed. Life changing!!
6661	10.0	Effexor has been a Godsend for me. I went through every med out there to control my depression and anxiety attacks. I have been on it now for 11 years, and it's still working just fine. I'm not saying every day is roses and rainbows, but, if I can have 6 out of 7 days positive, it's a far cry better than 7 out of 7 horrible.
6662	1.0	Only take Effexor if you want to be on it for life. The withdrawal lasted 3 months for me. I think my body and mind are permanently damaged from this drug. It helped anxiety by numbing me but at the same time, made me more depressed at times.
6663	9.0	This medication strongly relieved my depression/anxiety. After having a horrible experience with sertraline, I was wary of trying a new drug. However, this drug has been a lifesaver and I'm so glad I continued to try medication. It made me functional and able to enjoy life again (--: I did experience some side effects for the first two months, including: lack of appetite, weight loss, sleep disturbances, and difficulty achieving orgasm. These effects faded though, and now the only time I experience anything negative is if I miss a dose. Do NOT try this medication if you cannot adhere to a strict regimen. The withdrawal symptoms after missing a dose are unpleasant. That said, don't be afraid of this drug! Take it as directed and it works.
6664	7.0	Apart from wanting to sleep a lot in afternoon finding great results found it best taking it at 10pm
6665	9.0	I recommend it for those who struggle with fears panic attacks social anxiety. It's really helpful after 1 month u will find it very helpful- it  changed my life.
6666	9.0	I was on effexor 37.5 mg for 2 years. Worked wonders! I slowly weaned myself off it 6 months ago with minimal side effects. My anxiety has crept up on me again so I have decided to go back on it. I'm on a low dose but it works for me.
6667	3.0	I started taking Effexor XR about 10 years ago, for those last 10 years I have struggled with IBS-D. I would like to go off this drug but it has terrible withdrawal symptoms, and I've read the withdrawal can last for years after getting off this drug. When I read that people were taking the medication I think is causing my IBS to treat their IBS I was shocked. I'm glad if it works for them, but I wish I had never taken this drug.
6668	1.0	I took this pill once at 37.5mg to start my regimen. I got serotonin syndrome and was hospitalized. Steer clear from this medicine.
6669	7.0	It makes me tired and it does get caught up in my throat with water so have drink with coffee anyway it gives me hot flashes and also I can't remember simple everyday things since I been this!!!!
6670	1.0	"this drug causes fluid retention in breasts in men, also it gave me serious constipation it was terrible, bloated belly, maybe it gave me slight hangover like feeling next day after I took it this drug gave me manic episodes and withdrawal was terrible, I would never recommend this drug to anyone

Went to my doctor he prescribed some medicine for constipation, I used it for a week and it was the terrible week, after that, I stopped taking it .Docs cannot do much but self-learning can"
6671	7.0	"It was efficient to have no anxiety. 

Except 2 weeks before my final exams, I""froze"" = I had anxiety attacks.
The big side effect was that it was extremely difficult to reach an orgasm / ejaculation + I lost more than 50 % of sex pleasure. Not good for couple life. Also I sweat A LOT during the night + big traumatizing nightmares if you forget your pills +  I think I did sleep apnea + sleep paralysis. All those things at 75 mg. An other bad effect was that I became over confident / maniac.

Also better to use Effexor than generics. The real brand seemed better for me"
6672	8.0	Psych prescribed Venlafaxine, Neulactil + Mirtazapine (have been on Mirtazapine for 2 years). So far taking Venlafaxine I am energetic, I am thinking clearly, feel more confident &amp; I am not emotional at all. I also noticed my appetite has reduced severely (I gained 16kgs on Mirtazapine). 5 days in I still have very minimal appetite, I am finding that I have a day where I am energetic and days where I am not. I often get a bit of euphoria but I am so far pleased with everything. I expect I will up the dosage eventually. Suicidal thoughts have been minimal but they're occur sporadically. I also have moments where I zone out but this may be because I am still getting used to the medication.
6673	5.0	I am taking 150 mg. I began at 75 with little effects. At 150..honestly I feel more anxious, yet medicated. I have been taking Effexor for 6 months.I  believe it does more for my depression, than for anxiety. My appetite is about the same. I seem to wake up irritated, and have to take Seroquel at night to sleep. I am going to give it a few more months, then will talk to my doctor about changing it, or adding something for anxiety.
6674	10.0	I have been on Venlafaxine for 10 years now and couldn't be happier. I see all the negative comments on here but you need to remember that these reviews are our experiences, how our bodies reacted, your body may react different. How many times have you changed meds in order to find the right one? It's no different with this one, well maybe a little because you need to lower your dosage slowly or you will get violently ill. I didn't refill my prescription in time and I was so miserable I had to go to the ER. I gained weight on Paxil but not on Effexor but some people do. Take all these reviews, evaluate, make a list of questions for your doctor and then decide if you want to give it a try.
6675	4.0	Average-- not satisfied -- symptoms continue
6676	3.0	Hi, I was on Effexor a few years ago and got off of it because I was doing much better but now I am starting to get back on it, I'm on 37.5 and it's day 8 and I feel awful. Super anxious and can't eat, the thought of food makes me wanna puke. I'm really scared. Has anyone had this and does it go away? I don't remember having this the first time around :(
6677	1.0	Prescribed 37.5mg xr once a day for anxiety. I read about people's experiences online and decided I'd try it for a week before judging. I lasted five days before quitting due to side effects. Noticeable fatigue, no appetite, difficulty concentrating, waking up in the night and being unable to fall asleep again, constipation, gas. This is not for me and I am glad I didn't take it long enough to experience withdrawal symptoms. My hunger came back the day I stopped taking it.
6678	7.0	I've had depression, dissociation, mild OCD, &amp; bad anxiety my entire life. After I found out my ex GF was triggering my dissociation to have odd sexual fantasies with me, my dis grew into dissociative identity disorder &amp; my mild OCD grew into a terrible 3 type OCD. Cleaning, Counting, &amp; Pure O. My dr prescribed me 1 Venlafaxine 150xr/day. Within a month, my 2 alts were gone, my anxiety was far less (almost non existent), my OCD was gone, and my depression was way less. When I go more than 2 days without my Ven, I get brain zaps &amp; terrible anger. I have to hide away. It's masking my issues but I want to fix them. I also get night sweats and have trouble waking up. Both started when I started taking Ven. I don't recommend these. Avoid SNRIs!
6679	8.0	"Hi, I've been on Effexor for 2 weeks now.
I feel a lot less anxious and generally happier.
I've noticed some side effects, which I was expecting. So I thought I'd share my experience.
Sweaty hands, blurred vision, nightmares, stomach ache / head ache, loss of appetite, weight loss, trouble sleeping, major increase of the the effects of alcohol. Those are just some of them."
6680	1.0	"Before anyone agrees to taking Effexor (venlafaxine), please look at the withdrawl symptoms. The symptoms and experience has been likened to heroin or opiate addiction withdrawl. Please do your research and regardless of what your doctor tells you, THERE ARE ALTERNATIVES!
I hope this helps someone."
6681	10.0	I believe this medication saved my life. I did feel extremely sleepy at first while my dosage was being raised but that went away quickly. I have a new feeling of wanting to get up and do things that wasn't there before. I also feel a sense of calm and peacefulness. The only side effects so far that were troublesome is constipation and sometimes it's hard to concentrate if someone is speaking.
6682	10.0	I had a nervous breakdown when I was 38, I literally felt as if I was going out of my mind. I had gotten pregnant when I was 21 and had terminated the pregnancy. I had a few years of depression with no meds . I left my Husband and two children and went and stayed with my Sister. She promptly took me to a Psychiatrist that put me on Effexor Xr 75 mg twice a day. He also gave me Xanax to help me with the breakdown. Effexor and my Dr.  saved my life. I have been on Effexor for 22 years. I sometimes feel the depression coming back and I now still have lots of Anxiety. but I take my Xanax and it helps. I have switched to Prozac, Brintellix, Lexapro . None of them work. I always go back to Effexor. I pray daily that God will heal me .
6683	10.0	"If you want to live life on a drug, this worked!  But beware for when you come off!  Best bet is to supplement naturally.  Your body is lacking something that you can get in a better-for-you form.
Withdrawal symptoms are terrible!"
6684	5.0	On Effexor for 14 years.  150 milligrams daily of the IR not the XR so I was taking 75mg 2 times per day.  In retrospect, the medicine worked for me for about a year and the other 13 were just maintenance years.  I also found since titrating from 150mg down to 9.75 mg that I feel human again.  Effexor solved zero problems for me and it simply numbed me to feeling strong emotion.  I also dropped 36 pounds since coming off of this medicine and feel a heck of a lot better.  I have been titrating since July of 2015 and my last titration to zero will be in 2 weeks.  As stated before, this stuff doesn't solve problems, it just numbs human emotion.  Me, like many other folks need to learn how to accept our emotions.  The answer isn't always a drug
6685	10.0	"I have been taking Effexor on and off for the past 10 years.  There is no better medicine for my anxiety than Effexor.  The trick with Effexor XR is that you need to know exactly how to take it and not to take more than what you really need.  I am now on a steady 37.5mg (minimum dose) and it works just fine.  My doctor tells me that that low dose is hardly therapeutic but it works just fine for me.  Of course I need to practice many anxiety relief techniques, especially the ones that help get you back to sleep, but overall, Effexor XR at 37.5 mg each morning takes the severe edge off my condition, I do the rest.
It's a good mix."
6686	10.0	I've suffered from severe panic disorder since I was 10.  I am 45 now. I was on 200mg of Zoloft for 18 years. It took away my anxiety, but also took away any motivation. I was a zombie for all of those years and slept all the time. My new Dr. suggested switching to Effexor. I was afraid that it wouldn't work and my panic would come back. I was so wrong. After a week on 37.5 mg, my energy was back and anxiety still gone. I'm on 75mg. I can't believe I stayed on Zoloft so long! I can think and do things again! I don't sleep all the time. Everyone reacts differently. If this med doesn't work for you, I'm sure there is one that will. Wish I would've switched sooner. No side effects at all!
6687	6.0	Was on this med for 5 years. Worked fine but not great. Stopped the panic attacks and gave me relief of every day nervousness that I was experiencing. Took months for the side effects to diminish when I first started taking it. What did not leave - insomnia, night sweats, lack of sex drive and poor orgasms (or no orgasms at all).
6688	10.0	I have had terrible anxiety driven depression my entire life. Effexor is an amazing medication. I waited until I was in my late 30's to do something about my anxiety/depression because of the stigma and fear of taking anything that might make me go crazy (the anxiety talking). I was a fool to wait so long. None of my fears materialized. As soon as I started the medication I began to feel better and better. I was also prescribed Kolozopin to act as a bridge to get through the anxiety until everything began to work and fall into place. Do NOTe wait hoping things will pass! I was convinced I was the worst case scenario and I got better. Just do it and get treated
6689	9.0	We moved to VA after 3 years on orders and my Anxiety came back. My anxiety was situational. I had a refill left on my Zoloft. I filled it but it didn't work like the first time. Everything felt constricted. Nothing seemed clear to me. I tried Venlafaxine after crying to my doctor and I have been extremely happy. I will say, just like the other reviews mentioned, if you miss a dose, it's horrible. The dizziness, anxiety, foggy thoughts are severe. I'm on 75 mg and feel great.
6690	10.0	Just an FYI.  Not all anxiety medications work for everyone.  This one works amazingly for me but works horribly for a good friend of mine.   She took a test to determine what medication was best for her and was able to find the best match.  If you are on a medication that isn't working don't give up hope, ask to do the test and try something until you find one that works for you.  If your doctor isn't accommodating look for another one.  Cheers.
6691	9.0	I have been taking Effexor XR for about 12 years now. I have spent my life fighting debilitating anxiety and depression. I would have panic attacks, horrible downward spiraling thoughts, extreme negativity, physical symptoms such as shaking, and could even lose touch with reality in severe episodes of depression. No amount of behavioral therapy and monitoring of a diet, exercise, or treatment plan would make a dent in my anxiety. Within weeks of taking Effexor XR, I finally had a chance to understand what it is like to live without terrible anxiety. I haven't really experienced any negative side effects, except perhaps hot flashes and night sweats. Life is finally manageable. I am thankful for every day I have, now, thanks to Effexor.
6692	9.0	I have major depression....was taking Prozac 40 mg a day and it just stopped working for me. I have started Effexor XR 150 mg twice a day with some sleeping pills at night....In such a short amount of time I feel so much better! Life changing better! Depression is horrible and all consuming and pray that every person trying to get help does....and at least for me I have found stimulants of any kind are not good....because the crash or comedown is more than I can handle with my underlying depression.
6693	1.0	I highly suggest people not try this medication. I was only on it for 8 weeks and had horrible memory problems that I am still working through. This medication has caused me to be out of work for going on 7 months now. The doctors keep telling me it not this medication, but I know it is since this is the only anxiety med I took that caused memory problems. The prescribing doctor made no mention of memory loss as a side effect. I am on a special diet now to stimulate my memory, along with going to therapy to get my memory back. Scariest time of my life. I feel like a zombie right now.
6694	8.0	"Are these outlandish reviews of whole years being forgotten solely due to Venlafaxine, actually serious? That seems ridiculously unrealistic.

I am on 225mg per day and if I'm late taking a dose I get the weird zaps and dizziness etc. But it does do a pretty good job on very severe anxiety and depression.

Coming off it will be hard but I have been recommended a good 3-month plan for it. 

I have noticed that not all actual packs of tablets are as good as others though, I don't know how this can be!?"
6695	10.0	It completely stopped my anxiety I was suffering from for years....it gave me my life back. I took 75mg 1 time a day. For 9yrs. That dose worked for me. I tried higher doses and lower ones with no success. I have been off them now for 1year. I have no side affects from them. I also don't have anxiety like I did before starting them.
6696	4.0	I've read that this stuff isn't as bad as some of the others. This is my first time on anxiety of meds, and I'll admit, I do not like it at all. The only pro for me is it helps me sleep better at night. But theres been more cons for me. It makes me nauseous with hunger which makes me more irritable. Once every few day, I'll be sent into a tunnel vision spell which varies on its length of time. And its reduced my ability to perform well in bed. All in all, its not the worst of the side effects, it still feels like hell to me, so I'm going to work on getting off of them
6697	10.0	I have been on Effexor XR (now the generic) for 18 years! I suffer with anxiety and panic. I went as high as 150mg and then stayed at 37.5mg for years. When break through panic comes in I up my dosage to 75mg then taper down again. I have tried to go this medication but my panic just comes back. I thank my lucky stars that there was a medication out there to help me with functioning in the world. I am 54 and I plan on staying on this medication until I am 104!
6698	10.0	I cannot describe how life changing this medication has been for me. I've been suffering from anxiety/depression, specifically social anxiety and low self esteem, my whole life. It was at a point where I thought it was normal to be negative, pessimistic, anxious and depressed all the time. I tried EVERYTHING including therapy, exercise, diet and an array of medicines and nothing worked. I nearly developed an addiction to Xanax just trying to combat the anxiety. Prozac, lexapro, Concerta, stratera; Nothing worked. Finally got introduced to Effexor XR. Started on 75mg for 2 months, I wasn't that satisfied. I got put on 150mg for 2 months then. CANNOT BELIEVE THE DIFFERENCE. I'm happy, confident and positive. AMAZING. Long may it last.
6699	10.0	I wanted to leave my experience on here because this drug has changed my life!! I read all the bad experiences people have had and was worried this would happen to me too. Back in December 2016 for some reason I just lost it. Heart racing constant (although most my life I have had heart racing at times...anxiety) panicking over nothing, crying, depressed, lost interest in hanging out with my friends, wanted to just lay in bed all day, expecting the worst to happen, scared to drive anywhere past my town, dreading my husband coming home from work...etc...No logical reason for any of this. My doctor started me out on Zoloft and it helped a little at first. The side effects for Zoloft were awful for me the first week. 7 months in my doctor had me on 100 mg and at that point it felt like it wasn't working at all anymore. In August he switched me to Effexor (generic) The only side effects was an occasional dizzy feeling a couple times the first few days. I literally felt a change by the 2 day. Heart started beating normal, happy, lots of energy, driving everywhere!!! The best part, other then my heart not racing, is wanting to hang out with friends again and talking to complete strangers without sweating and panicking thinking they are judging me!! I did have to raise my dosage to 150 mg because 75 mg was only working half the day. I do hear when you do want to come off of these it is not fun but at this point I hope I never have to.
6700	10.0	I suffer from GAD and I have to say this medication has changed my life.. I am much happier and handle situations better. I only take 37.5 one per day usually in the morning and that works for me. The only side effects was insomnia In the beginning but now I feel calm and relaxed and I have great nights sleep. I wake up energized and wanting to start my day. This medication with therapy has done wonders. Ignore the negative and try for yourself . Reading reviews I was so scared to start this medication but I thank God I gave it a try.
6701	2.0	So, I was a 18 years old perfectly healthy and in good shape, but I was severely depressed and with some emotional issues. So I went to therapy (good decision) but she told that I was supposed to take something for my mood, so I started effexor, and have almost no side effects from it but also didn't really improved my mood, so I went to the highest dosage since I didn't had side effects, and after 8 months on it i just went cold turkey(i know) and basically i had over 100 side effects ever since its been over a year and i still have side effects, i could not sleep for days, i went hypomaniac, and MUCH more to this day i feel pain and numbness in my body and severe coordination and cognitive problems nothing seems to get better.
6702	5.0	"I was on Effexor XR (generic brand) for about 6 weeks. I am in the process of tapering off (It's NOT as bad as some people say.) While this medication did help tremendously with, both, anxiety and depression, it had its fair share of side effects that I could not live with: it exacerbated my migraines, made me feel a bit ""numb"" and unmotivated, and interrupted my sleep/caused me to oversleep, missing many appointments for therapy. This medication WAS helpful but it also caused harm. No major side effects when starting except headache, dizziness and nausea. The dizziness passed after 1 month."
6703	6.0	I have been on several meds since I can remember. Altven medication works BUT the night sweating is unbearable. What can I do about it?
6704	7.0	"I've been taking this medication for several weeks now (Effexor XR 37.5mg daily) and it has helped me a lot more than the Celexa I was on. 

Although recently (within the last 10 or so days) I have experienced very mild headaches that last a long time and feeling fatigued all day. Caffeine doesn't help and extra sleep doesn't help. 

I've had problems with fatigue all my life but this feels different. I am not sure if this is related to the medication because I have not had any side effects and I've been on this medication for almost a month now."
6705	9.0	"Started effexor after citalopram stopped working for anxiety and depression, been taking it for 3 years, was up to 150mg, tapered down to 37.5mg, slowly over 6 months, mainly because of weight gain, and feeling more calm,

No problems in reducing, but am reluctant to go lower in case of a relapse, has anyone lost weight after reducing the dose, or do you have to come off completely ?


I rate effexor, except for weight gain, and sweating, the only med that has made me function normally,"
6706	9.0	No pill is for everyone, but this medication honestly changed my life. I am 23 and have been on it since I was 17. Before it, I was miserable, couldn't focus, and constantly wanted to die. I struggle with GAD and Depression, and this medication has honestly been the only thing to make it bearable. My life feels manageable, and I know I can conquer anything. I interact with people in a way that represents who I really am, not in a way that reflects my anxieties and insecurities.  I almost didn't finish high school before Effexor and I now have a BA in Political Science and am heading off to law school.  Like I said, this medication isn't for everyone, but it honestly changed my life and I will forever be grateful.
6707	8.0	I have had random panic attacks and anxiety since I was 21 years old. I had a bunch of problems and couldn't figure it out. Randomly one day I looked up anxiety. I was put on Venlafaxine which is Effexor. I would recommend Effexor or Venlafaxine for people who have anxiety. Yes every medicine has its downsides but there are more upside to this medicine then there are down to me. But one thing I will agree with everybody else is that the withdrawals are completely hell compared to anything that you have ever seen. But on the upside it help for the lot of problems that come with anxiety. Also it is hard to sleep on but that's fine I would rather not be able to sleep so well then be freaking out all the time.
6708	1.0	Do not take this medication! There is NO other medication for depression/anxiety that has withdrawal symptoms that put you in excruciating pain!  You become a person without feelings, almost hard hearted on this medication! Please please have your Dr. try other meds first! I am so angry that I trusted my psychiatrist! I feel betrayed! Thank God I have my general Doctor who is spending more time with me to help me get off of this medication!
6709	9.0	I told myself I'd come back and write a review if I liked Effexor, because people tend to only write reviews if they don't like it, and that's scary for someone who is trying to figure out whether to try it or not. This was the first medication I've tried to treat my chronic GAD. Before Effexor, I was living in a state of constant panic and anxiety. It was really awful, and I felt like I couldn't continue much longer without completely breaking down. I'm now 3 months in, and it has helped so much. I am still myself and I have anxious thoughts, but there is no longer that sense of panic and overwhelming fear. I feel like I did pre-anxiety and its wonderful. Everyone reacts differently, but have hope! Medication can work!
6710	2.0	Stay away from sharp objects!! 2 months on 37.5MG Effexor - feels like my attention is limited to a single train of thought. I can't do more than one thing at once without risking personal injury. Clumsily shredded myself bloody more than ever in my life while on this med. Doors and fridge cut my feet open because I literally cannot pay attention to the fridge door if I'm looking at the contents of fridge or don't see screen door closing on me while carrying something in from outside. Haven't been cooking much but the one time I tried I burned green beans in the pan. It makes me sleep 16h/day. If I get up before 2pm I can't trust myself to drive. 2 close calls were enough. Social anxiety is worse than before. Only 37.5 MG!! Need a change
6711	1.0	I was put on 150 mg daily of Effexor after having a mental breakdown brought on by stress and severe insomnia. I did not find the medication helped at all other then to cause weight gain. Worst of all, I experienced horrific withdrawal symptoms coming off it. I started to wean off it in May, reducing the dose to 75mg/day. I halved it to 37.5mg a month ago and my Dr said I would be good to stop it after two weeks. Within 24 hours of taking my last pill I experienced dizziness, nausea, insomnia, and brain zaps. I could barely function. Turns out the 'half-life' of Effexor is one of the shortest out there. I had to take a short 2 week course of 10 mg Prozac (much longer short life) to come off Effexor. Horrible!!
6712	1.0	This may be an isolated incident, but I only took this medication for 6 weeks and had horrible memory loss. I was unaware that there is a 44% chance of memory loss with this medication. I am trying to work my way back to my old self, who used to have a photographic memory. I highly suggest if you have severe anxiety like I do, do not take this medication.
6713	1.0	kidney started to show reduced ability.  Sweating so profuse during exercise or even vacuuming I have to drink so much water and finally stop too dizzy or tired of sweating.  Sweating got worse coinciding with doubling of dose from 75 to 150.  Subsequently gaining 50lbs. over 4 years of it.  But only recently saw correlation with venaflaxine .  Missing one dose has horrendous reaction of dizziness  and ears and vision effects and headache.    Even taking every day get morning headaches even though I was never one to get headaches before  also it's help has worn off
6714	8.0	I have tried zoloft and cymbalta. All equally effective in my anxiety level but I find effexor has been the best. While I still don't have a ton of energy, I was a zombie on the other two. My libido is back to normal and I'm not hungry 24/7. Zoloft would be my second choice, except I needed to nap everyday and I was always hungry. Cymbalta was very difficult to get off of and I was also very tired. Negative effects of effexor include  insomnia - i have urges where i HAVE to get up- but usually melatonin and reading, and NO electronics before bed help that (or xanax as needed.) I also sweat a lot more on it. But having more energy and more libido make it worth it. I have to take a beta blocker because I speak infront of people.
6715	10.0	I have taken Effexor for twenty-five years. I take 75 milligrams at night. I sleep like a baby even though I am 70 and most women my age have some sleep issues. I actually was diagnosed with adult ADD and prescribed the medication for that. I also had anxiety, a hair trigger anger problem, and no social filter. My psychciatrist didn't tell me all that, just that I had ADD. I could accept meds for that. The Effexor started to work within a week and I would not be without it. I like myself a lot better today than before Effexor.
6716	1.0	This was the worst experience of my life. I have really bad anxiety and my doctor perscribed one 37.5 mg a day. I took it for the first time and got extremely nauseas. I noticed my hands were shaking and I was clenching my jaw and neck uncontrallably. I found myself to have no appetite and with my stomach troubles this is an issue. Later in the day I tried to eat, and couldn't hold any food down. I did feel calm, so it helped with my anxiety, but all the side effects just arnt worth it.  This med is poison for me.
6717	1.0	"If I could give this drug a minus ... I would. The reasons are simple: 

- It has mild effects when it comes down to relieving anxiety 
- It has profound effects on my sexual function 
- It is extremely effective at giving me hell when trying to get off it 
- It could be used as an effective drug used to induce vomiting 

This drug is truly deplorable in every sense and should not be fit for consumption by human beings."
6718	2.0	I had ate  alventa 75mg for 4 months and yet had anxiety and elevated heart rate. But,my sleep is good
6719	1.0	I took this pill one day and that was all I needed to, I took it at 5:30 pm and was fine, until I wanted to sleep. I tossed and turned all night, my heart racing, I was literally so tired but my mind just would not shut down. Those things they call brain zaps are terrifying, DO NOT TAKE THIS.
6720	1.0	So here is my experience with Effexor, I hope it helps you make an informed decision.  I started taking it two months ago as a change to the Citalopram I have been on for over 5 years.  I suffer from anxiety.  The first three weeks, improvement in my mood, better temper control also.  Week three, the insomnia kicked in and strange urges to HAVE to get up and move around.  Week four,  Serious shortness of breath on exertion, ringing ears, lip numbness and malaise.  Turns out I was allergic to it!  Doc tool me off it, immediately, then the withdraw began.  OH my G*#.  The worst experience of my life.  Paranoia, hallucinations, panic attacks (my first ever), breathing trouble, the list goes on. If you research the withdraw, it's not worth it!
6721	10.0	After many months spent being given ten different types of antidepressants which none agreed with me my Dr suggested Venlafaxine 37.5 twice a day but I personally found it too much ( turned me into a Zombie) so we agreed on one 37.5 dosage daily slowly but surly it has given me my life back no major side effects other than insomnia .... Darkness is all I could see before venlafaxine 10/10 highly recommended
6722	9.0	I started taking velaflaxine (Effexor) about 2 1/2 weeks ago I started on half of a 75 mg pill and now have moved up to a full pill. At first you experience some side effects like loss of appetite, fast heart beat, hot flashes and a little numbness down below. But everyone is different and everyone reacts differently. After almost three weeks of taking it I already feel relief. My anxiety is getting better and better, and I sleep so much better at night cause I can actually relax for once! I'm looking forward to seeing how much better I feel after two months of taking it. If you are willing to pressure through the rough side effects then the benefits are so worth it!
6723	8.0	Brilliant
6724	3.0	I had been struggling with OCD and anxiety and rage issues for a very long time.  I decided to get help after my daughter was born.  I was put on a myriad of different pills until Effexor.  It calmed me down, and my OCD is almost non-existent.  But miss a dose and you will be sick like you've never felt before!  Think of the worst flu you ever had...it's kinda like that but worse.  And all the anxiety comes back in full force.  It has really helped me to function,  but I would never have gotten on it if I knew how bad it was to get off it.  Try everything else before taking this.  It will help but at what cost?
6725	9.0	"Hi, my name is Jess. I've had anxiety/panic attacks and depression for over 20 years now. My anxiety was so bad I had to be homeschooled. I've taken Prozac, paxil and neither worked and had bad mood swings on paxil. My doctor suggested something newer, it was effexor. He said he has had good results with it. So I tried it, heck I would of tried anything to make my anxiety go away. I was on effexor (75mg) for 10 years and it worked for me. No side effects except being tired at first. No more anxiety/panic attacks or depression but maybe a very few short episodes. I was happy and enjoying things I was held back from for so many years. Effexor changed my life, literally. If I did miss a dose I felt tired, depressed and the ""zaps."""
6726	10.0	I was having bad anxiety for a couple of months.  I was unable to sleep, and was pacing the floors a lot. I got on a low dose of Effexor (37.5mg), and my anxiety disappeared within a week.  I did not have many side affects.  I got a little sweaty the first week, and felt a little foggy.   That went away quickly.
6727	2.0	"So I started Effexor XR tonight for my anxiety that I deal with and let me just say NEVER EVER AGAIN!!

For two hours I felt fine, went to bed and suddenly was awaken by intense nausea so I sat up to wake my child's father(who stayed the night since we didn't know how this new med would affect me) and as soon as I sat up my stomach came up. There was no wait time. It's been five hours since I took it. And I've been up throwing up for the last 45 mins. Not taking this crap again. I would honestly rather have be dealing with a panic attack at this point rather than this I can't even blink my eyes without vomiting crap!"
6728	3.0	Just started taking Venflaxine for my anxiety. It made me very I'll,  I was nauseas and vomiting for 2 days. I stopped taking the pill and felt 100% better. I think everyone reacts differently to certain medications, if you are someone with a sensitive stomach just be aware you might have this reaction.
6729	9.0	Had extreme anxiety after trying Champix to quit smoking. I was on this for about a year and a half and then weaned off slowly.  Things went downhill at work and I'm just restarting after I felt my anxiety creeping back in. This time though the doc wants me to take it twice a day instead of once a day. Currently on two 37.5 in the morning and then another 37.5 about 5pm. I can feel my anxiety lessening after only a week.  Just started a new job. My anxiety makes me think my teeth are going to hurt and that's all I end up focusing on. All day every day. Effexor has been a real life saver.
6730	10.0	In my 25 years of being put on various medications, this is--by far--the best.  I suffered from anxiety and PTSD, which (of course) would lead to depression.  I'd contend with crying spells and outbursts of anger.  The first few days of taking 75 mg/day, I did have some side effects (such as racing thoughts, sleeplessness, etc.), but my body adjusted quickly.  I now wake up every day feeling more hopeful, and with ZERO crying spells.  I am still ME, and never feel like a zombie.  I am still aware of my surroundings and what annoys me, yes, but my RECOVERY from processing those things is much faster, and I bounce right back.  In other words, my perspective of things is normalized, and my days aren't ruined.  Wonderful stuff!
6731	2.0	This medication is an selective reuptake inhibitor for both serotonin and norepinephrine. I found it to increase my anxiety by a million due to the norepinephrine release. I don't understand how in the world this works for anxiety...it didn't for me. Good luck and for those it works for, God bless
6732	8.0	"I tried Effexor XR after most of the SSRIs I recently tried gave me diarrhea for more than just the initial adjustment period. I tend to be more on the anxious side of life and the SSRIs seemed to treat that better than Effexor, but I cant be in the bathroom all day. 75mg/day works well for me currently. I was on 150mg for a year which worked well, but then suddenly my anxiety and obsessive thinking was coming back.The doc upped dose to 225 and I got way worse, so we lowered it and boom. way better. ""less is more"" worked for me this time. Effexor XR also has less side effects for me regarding fatigue, hunger, weight gain and sexual side effects. as a woman this is a huge perk. mental health- the struggle is real! Good luck!"
6733	1.0	My experience was a waking nightmare... I was started on a low dose to treat anxiety.. It didn't help at all. My DR kept slowly increasing my dose while I suffered from extreme anxiety with no relief.. I had weight gain, night sweats, oddly long menstrual  cycles, cramps, the urge to drink alcohol.  I went to another Dr that said the dose needed to be at least 225 to treat anxiety I was on 125 so he increased dosage. This made the side effects much worse and the weight gain. I didn't care about anything, I wasn't myself. I decided after 20 lb gain to stop and got tapered off. I became extremely ill it was like having the flu everyday for weeks. I've been completely off a few weeks now I have headaches still and extreme anger like rage.
6734	10.0	"I don't normally review anything but this time I thought I thought I should especially considering most people only tell you the negative experiences of a drug. I really didn't know my anxiety was bad until now. I know I had bad ""nerves"" is what I call it and I'm normally on edge and get paranoid about almost everything especially my relationships. I got so used to being anxious that it became normal to the point that I forgot what the other side felt like. Strange but true statement. Effexor has allowed me to handle just about anything thrown at me. Yes I get a little anxious but over all I'm ok. I did have bad gas and a headache but it got better totally worth a try."
6735	7.0	In response to Natalie- why didn't your doctor wean you off this medication? By just  cutting your dose by half-if that's what he/she did here,  no wonder you're experiencing such horrific side effects - speak up! My daughter just started taking this for panic disorder brought about by MIf the RX only comes in capsule form at those two doses- then there needs to be advocacy to change this so there is a way to wean off this med! So many people report negative side effects- withdrawal shouldn't be torture and you might need to find a more compassionate doctor- it astonishes me the lack of empathy some professionals have- considering their career choice- if they can't be compassionate, they should stay AWAY from patients and stick to reearch!
6736	9.0	"This medication has helped me out a lot with depression and ruminative thoghts. It has made me feel less anxious and much happier. I get depressed less and less. I have been on this med for 6 months now and it has helped give me the energy to be happy. Give it a shot! 

Only negative side effect for me has been night sweats. Missing a dose hasn't cause any problems for me."
6737	1.0	Been on effexor xr for approximately 12 years! I regret taking it. Am on 225mg per day, doctor wants me to taper down to 150 per day! It's a damn nightmare I'm on day 2 of being on 150 mg and the withdrawal symptoms are horrible. I feel dizzy nauseous feels like my head is hot feel very tense, very moody, and  short fuse. I could go on.
6738	10.0	Started taking Effexor in October and it's completely changed my life. I no longer have unusual anxiety and haven't had a single panic attack (despite being exposed to many triggers). I can't believe what a huge difference it's made. I feel like I have my life back again. I was previously on Lexapro, which I found didn't really alleviate my systems to the same degree, and caused me to be tired all the time. The only side effect I've had with Effexor has been weight loss.
6739	1.0	"This medicine is horrible! I'm an average 20 year old that doesn't drink, smoke or do drugs. I've had anxiety since HS, and only recently realized it. I thought a ""magic"" pill would make my anxiety disappear, boy was I wrong. My doc prescribed me to take the 37.5 mg dose for like 5 days, then get a refill for 75 mg. The 75 mg gave me bad headaches everyday. I let her know and she prescribed me just to take the 37.5 mg, and stressed to never miss a dose. I followed what she said and I felt OK on the 37.5 mg until I started to notice hair thinning and loss! I have a head full of thick hair, never experienced hair loss in my life! The doc lied said it's just the anxiety. Lies! I weaned myself off after 3 months, withdrawals are the worst."
6740	9.0	I've had unmedicated anxiety all my life which seemed to become worse with as I got older.. Though I lived with it. Also I experienced my first migraine which were followed by almost daily tension headaches. My doctor recommended Effexor. I was very nervous to try after the many things I read googling. I told her I was also concerned about weight gain and sexual dysfunction. I was a newlywed of 40.. Worked hard to loose weight. She still recommended it. In a few weeks I could feel better. I noticed as time went on I was calmer.. I wasn't having 10 thoughts at once. I felt at peace. I started sleeping better. Because I felt better and my mind was clear, I was more patient. Sex was even better. I did not gain weight. a little nausea at first.
6741	8.0	I have been on this medication for over 6 years now, 150 dose although it does help quite a bit if you're forgetful like me and miss a dose you're going to be in a world full of trouble even one day will make you feel sick although I still get panic attacks now and then. I find it does really help.
6742	10.0	I have been diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety my whole life. I have been on multiple medicines to try to tame them, and nothing really worked... until now. I got on effexor and immediately felt relief of anxiety.  I hadn't felt like that since I was a very small child. It felt like the world was lifted off my shoulders! I couldn't believe the difference! I recommend this medicine to anyone who suffers with anxiety. I tthought all this time that how I was feeling was related to depression, but it wasn't!  It was anxiety. I love how I feel now and would love to be a spokeswoman for this medicine.  It made me feel so much better! Highly recommend to anyone.
6743	1.0	"I have Hereditary Depression, Bipolar Type 2, PTSD, High Anxiety, Insomnia, I also had some bad Paranoia issues at the time prescribed because of an insane stalker. I have taken over 50 medication combinations. This by far is the worst drug I have ever taken. I knick named it, ""Effects Her!!!"".
  The medication was hell on Earth for me. I had several bad side effects on this med. The worst being that when I fell asleep my brain created extremely realistic vivid dreams. Also, after sleeping for a few hours, it seemed like very high impact stressful weeks had just gone by in real time. So I had to try to decipher reality upon waking. Needless to say, I lost my job! My Anxiety and Paranoia were worse! Plus it is absolute Hell to come off of!!!"
6744	10.0	I take 75mg daily! Took a good two full weeks to adjust! Will experience weird dreams, insomnia and sweats the first two weeks! Hang in there, for me it was a lifesaver!
6745	5.0	The drug works well. The problem is trying to get off it or if you run out of pills. Numerous blogs are dedicated to the horror stories of detoxing from this Med! Be very careful and do your research before you start taking this drug!!!
6746	3.0	I was prescribed Effexor XR for anxiety while I was home from college over winter break. I took it one day and I felt good but then I couldn't sleep for the following entire next day and then it made me feel completely sick so I didn't take another one the next day because I wanted to be able to fall asleep. 5 days later I tried to take it again to see if I would be able to fall asleep and that time I wasn't able to fall asleep the next two days and I felt extremely sick and like my brain hurt so bad the next day after taking it. Its been over a week now since the second time I took and I feel like I hate my life. I've never been so depressed and anxious. how long will this last? major regret
6747	9.0	This medication has helped me immensely!  I tried Lexapro, but had too many negative side effects.  Effexor took about 6 weeks to fully work, but it really brought me out of the depths of my anxirty fuelled depression.  I finally feel myself after many years of living in the fog.  The side effects for the first 2 weeks for me were: insomnia, increased anxiety/depression, hot flashes, and nausea.  These all disappeared after the initial 2 weeks and it's totally worth getting through that rough patch.  Once Effexor started working I thought, OMG! I'm back!  My body is dependent on it, though.  If I miss a dose, I get dizzy and nauseous.  Just know you must wean yourself off and not go cold turkey so you don't feel sick.
6748	9.0	Hi All, I'm a 26-year-old African American woman and I'm so glad that I found Effexor (Venlafaxine, for me) because it has really helped me manage my anxiety and depression. It's not common to talk about medication in the Black community so if you're reading this and think that the drug might help you - just give it a try! My therapist said that Effexor really tends to help young women. I have been on the drug for 16 months and went from 75 mg to 150mg. I just checked in with my prescribing psychiatrist today and I figured I would take some time to write reviews for people who haven't made the jump to medication. I also use Beating the Blues CBT online tool - it's free at my job! The combination, plus eating healthy and working out, works!
6749	5.0	I have been taking venlaxafine for 4 days now. I currently am on a 75mg a day dose which my doctor put me on. Day 1 didn't notice anything at all, on the second day I felt a lot more relaxed but totally suppressed my appetite all day and have had a rubbish sleeping pattern ever since. Haven't really done much for my anxiety as of yet but very relaxing, will write an update shortly.
6750	10.0	To Socanxiety. I have been on EffexorXR for over 10 years. (I also have short term memory loss so my doctor put me on Concerta, 36 mgs, which is the lowest dose and it is helping!) I am 59 years old and am happy and less anxious with taking effexor 225 mgs a day. I take 75mg pill before bed and am less anxious when I get up. Then I take the 150mg capsule in the morning. I still have times that I have anticipatory anxiety and use 10 mgs of Valium which helps. I am hoping when we retire and move south that I can lower the Effexor. Great med and I have tried many over the last 20 years!!
6751	1.0	2.5 years after the birth of my child I realized I needed help for PPD/PPA.  My irritability and anger just kept getting worse and I would go days without leaving the house. I was put on Effexor XR 75mg. I only took one dose around 830 PM. I was up all night, jittery, restless, vivid dreams. The following day I was so out of it I feared I couldn't care for my child and had my SO come home. I was incredibly nauseated and jittery with sprqodic muscle spasms, my fingers were shaking a bit and I had heart palpitations. It was awful. Around 6 PM it started to go away but didn't completely until the following day. I will never take this medication again, it was very scary.
6752	5.0	This can increase anxiety to start with. And make you sweat a lot.
6753	10.0	I'm currently on 150mg of venlafaxine taking every morning and evening, I noticed immediately my social anxiety is gone and I haven't had a panic attack in years. The down side for me is that I find the withdrawal symptoms if I miss a dose by accident absolutely horrible, electrical zaps in my head, pins and needles in my lips, dizziness when moving eyes or head, nausea and extreme anxiety and panic. I would recommend everybody to never ever miss a dose. I also find it hard to remember things and concentrate, my memory has worsened which is hard while at university. I feel tired a lot more of the time and have a lot of muscle twitches and extremely vivid dreams. Though I feel that these downsides are worth it as it works so brilliantly.
6754	9.0	"After dealing with social anxiety every day, avoiding situations, and constantly being tense I decided that medication was the choice for me.
Effexor is the second drug I have tried. This medication has improved my social anxiety in a way that I never thought was possible. I enjoy talking with people and can't believe almost all of my anxiety has vanished. I have read that Effexor can be a slight stimulant, and I do notice this is a big reason I am more talkative and confident.
NEGATIVES: My memory is way worse than it's ever been. I do not concentrate well when people are speaking and retaining the information is difficult. My worries are gone, but so are my thoughts about everything. Feel foggy. No other side effects"
6755	10.0	This medication works excellent for me and I would recommend this medication I use a generic I paid less than $50 for a 30 day prescription
6756	10.0	I tried Paroxetine, Prozac and Celexa and had no positive results so my doctor advised I try Effexor XR given it is a SNRI or different class of drug. Almost immediately &lt; 1 Week I felt a positive mood change, my social anxiety and mild stuttering seem to dissipate and I felt balanced. I have been taking Effexor XR now for almost a month now and my anxiety has dropped right off that I feel my normal self again, I am a lot more social and I stutter hardly ever and I think more logically. The only down sides are that I do sleep more and find it harder getting up in the mornings for work and have noticed fluid retention around my abdomen. I do not mind these small side effects because this drug has really helped me get my life together. :)
6757	9.0	I was on this medication for 2 years and I felt great..no anxiety.. I weaned off over 3 months and have totally been off for 3 month.. All my issues came back. Just started back today fingers crossed it works again. I should have never stopped taking. It was a life changer
6758	9.0	I've been on Lexapro 20mg and Vistiril 100mg for about 2 years. They worked at first but I kept having to take higher doses without any results (those were the ending doses). Went to my doctor and she gave me Effexor 75mg in place of Lexapro and it's working wonders! Absolutely 0 anxiety. She gave me the benzo Klonopin as well, but I barely have to use it because Effexor is doing the trick. It's wonderful to have my life back again, and I thank God for giving me a medication that works.
6759	3.0	"I was put on this medication for anxiety and depression as I had previously been on lexapro 15mg for 3 years and had consistently had a insatiable appetite. I saw a pyc specialising in perinatal depression as I changed whilst pregnant. I started on 37.5mg of Effexor but needed to constantly increase 75.5mg then 112.5 mg as My biggest complaint on this medication was extreme 
aggression. I would get so angry I doubted my ability to not harm my children. I obviously saw my doc who has taken me off it, withdrawal was ok till back down to 37.5 mg. Please don't take this medication try everything else before this- side effects for withdrawal are awful I've just got off it and switched to Zoloft and 2nd day in already feeling better."
6760	4.0	Was put on a high dose of 375mg and find it overestimulating not good for my anxiety
6761	10.0	"29Year Old Male -

Quite a bubbly person really but suffer with bad periods of Anxiety and Depression with a lot of Self Confidence issues. I have tried all types of SSRI

Fluoxetine, Citalipram, Escitalopram, Propranolol (Beta- Blocker) and none of them seemed to work or do anything about the anxiety. 

Suffered with Dizzyness Lack of motivation breathing problems, twitches and emotional problems. 

Within a week of taking venlafaxine I felt brilliant with hardly any side effects. Little bit sweaty during the day and a slight headache at first but they really do make an impact. I have heard a lot about coming off them but I will take each day as it  comes and stay on these for as long as advised. 

Definitely rate these tablets."
6762	9.0	Effexor stopped my panic attacks almost completely.  It's also great for post-menopausal hot flashes.  Like others said, you can't miss a dose, but other than that it's amazing.  A total life-changer.
6763	5.0	"I was prescribed anti-depressants for menopausal symptoms, then came the anxiety.  My doctor prescribed Venlafaxine. At first it was great, but over the years I am have so many of the side effects of this drug. I didn't realize until now that having difficulty swallowing was a side effect. I've gained weight and can't lose it. I'm not at all the person I was before. Missing a dose required me to call in sick from work, not to mention how terrifying it was.  This drug is wrecking my body!! I'm weaning off. Anyone that has done this, please help!  Seeing my Dr.
Gotta get off!!!"
6764	10.0	I have been on this medication for over 4 years. I changed to Celexa during that time for a short time but soon had to get back on it. It is true that if you go off it you won't be pleasant to deal with. You become irritable and emotional sort of like the way you were before you started the medication. Overall it really works and I have suffered from depression since my teens.
6765	9.0	"Downside of this med is the first few days, it's tough getting in a regular sleeping sync, it can cause nausea without food or with too much water at one time, and you can't go off abruptly or start taking large doses right away because it can have side effects.

However, this medication leaves an unbelievable amount of satisfaction feeling after it takes effect.  It took effect on me instantly, but that's my body.  I take it midday or late morning after a good meal so it doesn't interrupt my sleep as much.  If you don't have slow release, splitting it up might be a good idea, with at least a few hours in between.  It prevents me from overeating, but it also prevents me from starving myself because if I don't eat enough I'll feel nauseated."
6766	10.0	"Started on 37.5mg for a month. First two days were only side effects - I was a little jumpy, couldn't keep legs still, and had insomnia. That went away in 48 hours. Then it shifted to making me sleepy and fairly relaxed. However, I still had breakthrough anxiety crying and didn't feel much change in depression. 

Decided to up the dose and have been at 75mg for a while now. No side effects. This dose has obliterated my anxiety and helped with depression. All I feel is calm and relaxed. I am more outgoing and happy. Only thing I noticed, like so many others, is that it is tough to miss a dose. But, don't let that dissuade you from trying it. It really has been a miracle for me."
6767	10.0	I've been on Effexor for anxiety for about 15 years.  It changed my life.  I tried Wellbutrin first but it made me even more anxiety ridden.  For a brief time I felt like the Effexor was not working as well so I switched to Pristiq.  Pristiq increased my anxiety so after about 6 months I switched back.  Within 3 days I felt almost completely better.
6768	10.0	I have had anxiety and depression for years. Was on all different types of medicines. Even got so badly depressed and anxious that I was bedridden for almost 1 year. I got switched to Effexor and in a few days felt great! I cannot believe I spent all these years in darkness! This is the best medicine ever for me! I am not depressed and zero anxiety! I just wish I would have been on it earlier.
6769	8.0	Not perfect but pretty close. Switched from Paxil(no emotions)-&gt; Wellbutrin(aka severe anorexia)-&gt;Effexor. Basically all medications were pretty decent at anxiety coverage. I found Paxil to be the best without thinking of anything but anxiety attacks. Wellbutrin to be the least effective. Effexor was somewhere in the middle while still letting me enjoy life with an occasional anxiety attack. Since I've been on Effexor I've had maybe 3-4 small anxiety attacks in the span of 2-3 years.
6770	7.0	I took this medicine for about 18 months.  After about a year I noticed I had really gained weight... 17 pounds during my time on effexor. So I decided to stop taking this and switch to something else.  After just four days,  I feel thinner,  my clothes fit better.  I think I was that rare 1% that gained weight on this med. It is otherwise wonderful.  Worked great on my anxiety with no other annoying side effects... But 17 pounds was annoying enough!
6771	8.0	You have to keep taking this medicine forever. The withdrawl is awful after a day. However, once you find your dose everything is fine. I don't recommend this medicine because its like a marriage with a messy long divorce. Its better to stay on it once youre on it. I am on 150 mg and it works for me. Don't try and go off
6772	9.0	I am currently taking 75mg of venlafaxine.  About 20 minutes after taking my capusule on day 1, I felt a little loopy for about an hour but nothing major.  My appetite was tremedously lower for the day as well.  Day 2 and now at today, Day 3, it's like I'm taking a sugar pill in terms of side effects.  I have none at all and wouldn't feel like I was taking anythign except is has slightly reduced my level of anxiety and I notice that I'm having an easier time focusing on my work projects.  I may need to increase the dosage at some point but I'm going to give it a month to see if it needs some time.  Hope everyone else has the same postive experience that I have so far!
6773	10.0	I started having panic attacks at age 10, always been a struggle, then started having really bad bouts of depression.  Things got to stage where I was just so tired of being scared all the time and finding it hard to function. I've been on many antidepressants through the years,   Lexapro I had been in for over 10 years,  phych weaned me off and put me on Effexor.   I actually can't believe this. It's only day 2 On 37.5mg to be increased to 75 next week,  but I swear I feel a calmness I haven't felt before, surely after 2 days I'm thinking this can't be right, but after reading some reviews I can see that others have had relief in a short time from this medicine. No side effects. Just feel calm. Feeling hopeful
6774	1.0	"I was prescribed this medicine for anxiety. I took this stuff for a couple of days, had an adverse reaction and needed to stop. 

Since then I'm going through a severe crisis. Fits of rage, urges to hurt myself or others, migraine, nausea, self harming, fainting, heart racing, paranoia, multiple trips to the ER, almost locked up in the closed psychiatric ward. 

I have never had any of the above mentioned symptoms before. I was just anxious and a little depressed. I want my life back. 

I'm starting to loose hope."
6775	9.0	Been on Effexor since July 2014. I take the lower dosage 2x a day as the higher one all at once made me feel sick. I have severe anxiety to the point where i didn't want to leave the house.   I am also on Ativan for moments i know when i panic...way better than Xanax.  I was on Paxil, Wellbutron...neither worked, made me feel like a zombie.  The only drawback with the Effexor is that I am exhausted!!
6776	10.0	This is by far the most effective antidepressant I have EVER taken. I have tried Prozac, Zoloft, and Celexa which all caused numerous unwanted side effects. I have been on Effexor XR for a month and in the beginning the only side effect I experienced was being sleepy. This went away after about a week. I can tell you after just one week my mood lifted and I have zero anxiety. Thank you Effexor XR.
6777	10.0	I have been on Effexor XR for about a year, after switching from Paxil. It is a scary thing to read all these reviews, and question about whether you should or should not take it. I personally started for anxiety, and it has helped tremendously. To me having panic attacks is not a fun task, yes are there side effects but everything you put into your body does. Please try what your doctor recommends before you read all the reviews.
6778	9.0	Update to review below. I have now been on Effexor XR for six months, and I can honestly say that it's worked wonders in eliminating my depression and obsessive thinking. I wasn't able to stay on the low 37.5mg dose, as I discovered that this is a starting dose only. I have been on 150 mg for about four months, and apparently this is the lowest effective dose for achieving a therapeutic effect for most disorders. My depression has gone, and I no longer have obsessive thoughts that were making daily life a living hell. The only drawback with Effexor XR is that it has low half life, which means that it doesn't stay in your system for long, and if you miss a dose you will feel withdrawal within a few hours. This medicine has been a life saver!
6779	10.0	I used to be strong and positive. Many deaths in the family including my daughter. And terrible post traumatic stress disorder and PND meant I wasn't coping with life. Panic attacks sent me to hospital. I was convinced I was going to have a cardiac arrest. Started on 37.5mg then progressed to 75. Brilliant stuff. I'm lucky in that I have had no side effects and I feel like a new person. Highly recommended.
6780	9.0	Have been on Effexor xr 75mg for about 1 year now for anxiety &amp; panic attacks. I had a constant odd pain in my stomach (like butterflys and hunger). I would sweat uncontrollably &amp; get dizzy &amp; faint if I was put in a situation I wasn't comfortable with. I went to a Dr. who diagnosed me with anxiety and put me onto Effexor. The first 3 days were hell, every bad review I read on Google I could relate to, I even ended up going to the ER one night as I felt so nauseous and felt like I was losing control and could not stop freaking out. The Dr told me to stick to it, and promised it would get better. I'm so glad I did. I feel that this medication has saved me. I can almost live a normal life again.
6781	10.0	"I've had generalized anxiety disorder for 1 year now. 
Tried self medicating for 6 months. No help. Went on Lexapro and it was horrible. Waking up with worse anxiety than ever. Quit after 3 weeks. Now that I'm on venlafaxine for 3 weeks. Feeling much much better. A few side effects the first week but stick with it. They go away. Mostly felt tired and loss of apatite. This medicine is working."
6782	9.0	I've suffered severe anxiety/panic attacks my entire life. I've had Xanax, Valium, Prozac and Edronax over the cause of my years. I finally changed doctor, came off everything, to start where I'm at now. I began on 37.5mg over two weeks ago and noticed a difference straight away. Now on 75mg and getting better every single day. My panic attacks could cause me to pass out, so this is a huge leap in health for me. For those concerned about coming off Xanax, it's so worth the effort. I now feel like I'm getting my life back and I'm truly grateful.
6783	8.0	Started taking Venlafaxine ER a year ago for anxiety. Started at 75mg daily and am currently on 150mg per day, and have been for about 8 months. It has helped a ton with the anxiety! While I am not completely clear from anxiety, it is much much better to handle. I did not gain any weight whatsoever. I do notice that if I forget to take it I feel a bit nauseous and lightheaded so I have set an alarm on my phone. I take both 75mg pills at one time so that it's done for the day. All in all, I would recommend!!
6784	8.0	Have suffered from bouts of severe anxiety over the last few years that would leave me bedridden, suicidal, unable to work or eat. Tried Zoloft, Celexa, Lexapro, Cymbalta, Luvox and honestly thought nothing would ever work for me. All made me worse. Psych doctor wanted to try Effexor XR but I was worried about the withdrawing from it - after trying everything else I finally agreed. Has taken a month to feel a difference. I'm enjoying things again, not chewed up by horrible anxiety, I'm actually HAPPY?! 1st month on it was so challenging - very low, anxious, exhausted, nauseous. But now no side effects. I feel like a light's gone on. Like I am getting my life back. I could sob with relief. Truly believed I'd never get better, but here I am.
6785	10.0	I have suffered with major depression my whole adult life. Have been on several types of antidepressants all of which left me feeling like a zombie. The first time I took Effexor I noticed a major swing in my moods it has been a total saviour for me. Two weeks ago I was in bad shape, today a week of Effexor I feel on top of the world . This medication with the help of family friends and councilor had without a doubt totally turned my life around now everything in my life is happy and positive. Without this medication my future would've been bleak to say the least.
6786	3.0	I'm 19 and have suffered with anxiety for three years or so. Previously had been on Prozac and Lexapro which were both hellish. Began taking Effexor XR two months ago and started feeling better two weeks through but out of no where the medication not only ceased to work but actually made my anxiety a lot worse. Have horrible agitation, depression, irritability and insomnia. Pity I could really do with an antidepressant than works!
6787	8.0	Went on Effexor for panic disorder/social anxiety caused by OCD. It was debilitating and the symptoms really affected my ability to go through life. I had been on other meds, which did not do much, so I was genuinely surprised and happy when the Effexor made a noticeable difference in the frequency and severity of my panic attacks. I have a few moments of panic now and then, but nothing as bad as it was. OCD is still there, but does not cause me too much distress or interrupt my life as much as it used to (and Effexor is not meant to treat OCD anyway). The side effect that got me the most was tiredness, so I was put on Wellbutrin to balance that out, and it seems to be working for me. The other side effects are entirely bearable.
6788	8.0	Switched to Effexor XR after having severe anxiety side effects with Prozac 20mg. With Prozac initial side effects, I didn't sleep for days, constant, ceaseless agitation and restlessness, ended up in ER for psych evaluation which has never happened to me before. Doctor switched me to Effexor XR 37.5 mg and on the second day I noticed that after taking the pill in the morning, by the afternoon I was much calmer, almost drowsy, which was an enormous relief after two weeks of severe anxiety. After two weeks on Effexor XR I'm doing much better; much less anxiety and worry. The PM drowsiness has gone too. I hope to stay on the low dose.
6789	10.0	This is the only medicine that totally helps me.  I seldom have to take Alprazolam or Valium with the Effexor.  I tried switching to Cymbalta for nerve pain..what a mistake.  I am back on Effexor. 
6790	10.0	I've tried many different medications over the years and this is the only one that has worked for me. It also gives me energy as a positive side effect. It has changed my life for the better. I take the smallest dose and noticed a difference in a few weeks!
6791	4.0	I started on Venlafaxine several months ago -- went from 37.4 to 75 to150mg. This was situational, as we had lost our 34-year old daughter several years ago in an extremely traumatic accident.   When I was taking 150 mg., I felt less anxious and depressed but foggy-headed, and my emotions have been blunted.  Over a short period of time, I experienced excruciating headaches, sleepiness, dry mouth, constipation, bizarre dreams, and felt detached from myself.  Under the guidance of my APRN, I've been decreasing the dosage.  The weaning process has been difficult, and my memory is terrible.  I have now weaned to 37.5 mg. and will stay at this dose for a while. I have always been extremely sensitive to prescription meds; lower dose makes sense.
6792	9.0	I have been on Effexor XR 75mg for two months now, after previously being on Zoloft and Celexa. The two other medications were not effective for my anxiety and depression, and they tended to make me either tired or foggy regardless of the time of day that I took them. I expected the tiredness to wear off, but the foggy feeling never did. My doctor prescribed Effexor XR, and it has been very effective for both my depression and anxiety symptoms. I am not 100% perfect, and I still have anxiety, but in the appropriate moments. The moments of unreasonable anxiety attacks are fewer and far between since starting the medicine. I had no negative side effects, and I take it every morning at 9am.
6793	9.0	"I have been on Effexor for the past 10 years - I started having panic attacks as a child although I didn't know at the time what was going on - when I was 17 the doctor prescribed Valium that I took periodically when my anxiety got really bad - finally when I was 40 the doctor suggested I go on a very low dosage of Effexor (37.5mg) because he was sure I had generalized anxiety disorder - what a difference this has made in my life - felt""weird"" the first few weeks but now I have very little anxiety and really no side effects except maybe lower libido. I had no idea how much anxiety I had been living with all my life."
6794	9.0	I suffered with severe anxiety, especially in social situations. I think mine was linked to coming off my pill and my hormones going crazy. I tried sertraline for two days and felt horrid - flu like symptoms, depression, nausea, fatigue! I then tried venlafaxine and after two weeks my anxiety had gone. It came back around the time of the month but this medicine has truly fixed me. I understand that different medicines work for different people but this saved my life.
6795	7.0	Only 3 days of nausea at first. Dosage is 37.5mg. A lot calmer. But will increase dosage about a month later. Having vivid dreams at night. Having skin irritation but not sure if its caused by something else. Not confirmed. Had a severe diarrhea reaction to Flucozanole (anti-fungal pill), so I think there is an interaction between the two.
6796	1.0	"I took this for one day. Had panic attacks, and even worse, inability to urinate until it cleared my system. Also I have memory gaps from the day I was on it. I'd rather be anxious. 

"
6797	9.0	I've been on this medication for one week so far, and I already notice a difference in myself.  It is certainly helping me- I suffered from severe anxiety/ anxiety attacks over the past several months, and I haven't had a single attack since being on this medication.  The anxiety has also lessened.  I'll up my dose soon, so it should continue to kick in and help.  
6798	1.0	Had horrible side effects, did not sleep for 2 weeks. Developed tics. Felt like I was living a nightmare. Had to be hospitalized. They took me off Effexor. And I started Zoloft. Zoloft worked fantastic . Took Zoloft for a year. Been off meds for 9 years with no problems.
6799	10.0	"I have been on this medication for approximately 3 weeks now.  It is a God send for me.  I noticed results on day 2.  I have had recurring depressive episodes my entire adult life.  This episode I was unable to get out of bed, sleeping up to 14 hours a day, not going into work (thankfully I have a very understanding boss).  I was not suicidal this time, I actually think that I really didn't care enough to do anything about it.  My whole attitude was that, ""I just don't care.""  I have anxiety as well, but the episodes have always been well controlled with 1mg of Ativan.  I had the racing thoughts, inability to concentrate, unable to finish almost any task-if I even got as far to start one.  175mg of Effexor and I can finally function."
6800	10.0	"I was diagnosed with Celiac's disease 3 years ago although I probably had it for about 7 years. My body didn't absorb many nutrients so I had anxiety about everything. I am on high doses of B12 and Vit. D and the doctor
thought I should try Effexor.  I first started on a small dose and then she tried me on 75 mg which is still a small dose. This really works for me. I'm not jittery or have negative thoughts.  I've only been on this for 6 months but everything seems okay."
6801	10.0	I am from Canada, 24 year old female. I have always been a worrier but first experienced anxiety in my 4th year at University 3 years ago, I had a panic attack which then turned into panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. Effexor is a GREAT medication for me, my dose was raised way to quickly at the beginning, I went from 75mg to 150mg to 225mg in a month and a half and got horrible Effexor induced anxiety but when my GP realized what was going on she put me back to 75mg and then very slowly put me up to 112.5mg and I have been there for 2 months now and I think it is the perfect dose for me. I don't have intrusive thoughts or panic sensations. Be patient, it's worth it!
6802	10.0	Works well to stop my anxiety.  I can participate in life again and I am doing things that I used to do.   Started with 75 mg started to become more effective at 150 mg.  Some side effects but they are getting better with time.
6803	1.0	This medicine did not work for me. 
6804	8.0	This medication has worked well for me in terms of controlling my anxiety and fear of having a panic attack.  However the side effects I have had to endure are not so pleasant.  I'm always tired and can sleep all day long.  As well, I have gained weight on this medication and trying to lose it is very hard.  It's like my metabolism has stopped working. I've been on this medicine for about 3 years now and considering weening off to try something else.
6805	10.0	"Effexor Saved Me After Many Failed Medicines.  

Current Med Combo- Effexor 75 mg, Lamictal 200 mg, Abilify 5 mg

It saved me from wasting anymore time locked up in my house 24/7 and avoiding conversations, knocks at the door, people, telephone calls, and anything else involving socializing. 

I FINALLY LEAVE MY HOUSE. WILLINGLY and REGULARLY. Daily.  I NO LONGER FEAR APPLYING FOR JOBS. I NO LONGER FEAR THE POSSIBILITY OF HAVING A JOB because I would have to deal with people. I am willing and eager to go out with friends, family, acquaintances, meet new people. 

SIDE EFFECTS- Only Nightmares, which eventually become less and less and then go away after 2 months. Maybe a little unpleasant at first. Definitely bearable.

It's not bad for everyone."
6806	10.0	I have been on venlafaxine, 200 mg a day and have been on it for four years. It has helped me a lot. I can go out without running back in the house because I was afraid to go out. Last week my aunt past away and I had a set back so know I take Valium as well and these medicines do help.
6807	8.0	My doctor prescribed this for my anxiety due to perimenopause, 37 mg.  I was always tired on it so he increased it to 75mg xr.  I'm not as tired as I used to be and I no longer wake with anxiety and can sleep through the night.  My energy level is not as high as it used to be before Effexor.  My appetite has also increased.  I've heard this can be due to a combination of the Effexor and menopause.  If I skip a dose, I get headaches.
6808	10.0	Effexor has been a wonderful and life changing medicine for me. I can also take it with my anticancer medicine Tamoxifen, which I could not do with Zoloft. It's great!
6809	10.0	Possibly the best medication I have ever been given. Miracle for my father too. I take 187.5mg and notice the difference with the last 37.5mg capsule that got added. Only downside is that missing a dose is extremely sickening for an entire day, so it is good to carry a dose or two in my purse so I can take it around the same time daily.
6810	8.0	I have been on Effexor XR for about 3 months now (75mg), and it's done a great job of controlling my anxiety. For the first couple of days, my anxiety skyrocketed, but I supplemented with Ativan to help with that. then on the third day, I woke up and felt totally normal. It does make me a bit tired, but I also sleep better - and I do have very vivid dreams at times (not scary, just vivid). Also makes me a bit apathetic, but it's better than living in a constant state of anxiety.  I'd had bad reactions to Lexapro and Zoloft, so I was happy to find something that worked. I hope to come off someday, but for now, it's giving me what I need.
6811	10.0	I was suffering insomnia, OCD, panic attacks, and constant anxiety. I felt like I was out of control, out of my mind. After 2 weeks on velafaxine, I feel like I have my life back. I am in the drivers seat, not my anxiety. I am so, so happy to feel like I have control of who I am and who I can be.
6812	8.0	I took Effexor XR after I gave up on Lexapro (it didn't work for me, waited for a couple months). I started at 75 mg and 10 days later to 150 mg. I have been at 150 for about 5 months. I feel that I am at a stable point so I don't want to change anything for a while. My doctor said to start weening off but I don't think I'm ready yet. I had gone through a gut wrenching episode in my life that lasted for about 4 intense months of sleepless nights, hot sweats, heart palpitations, heavy chest, lack of concentration, and sadness. I felt as if I was at a doctor every other day trying to figure out what was wrong. My anxieties were so bad that I felt like exploding. Thankfully I waited it out and Effexor has helped.
6813	7.0	I have been on this medication for over 15 years. I can tell you that this is the absolute best medication for panic attacks, the problem is that I never had any panic attacks until I quit taking the pill after a year of use. I was prescribed this when I was 18 after being hospitalized as the result of several traumatic events. I started on 32 mg and eventually was bumped up to 150mg and then 225 mg. I weened off and survived the withdrawals and felt amazing seriously felt like the best moment of my life but about a year after I stopped taking it, the depression came back twice as bad. 
6814	10.0	I love it. It's so much better than the other 2 I tried that made me feel like a zombie and had side effects.  Effexor XR has helped me and still does help me to not have the anxiety/panic attacks that I was experiencing before.  It's the best by far.  I highly recommend Effexor XR for anyone with bad anxiety &amp; panic attacks.  It's absolutely the best.
6815	1.0	I'm 45 years old and have lived a pretty normal life except for my occasional heightened anxiety. Recently, my anxiety and panic attacks had escalated out of control. I was feeling out of touch with reality and having multiple panic attacks a day. Unfortunately for me, after 2 doses the Effexor caused mild hallucinations; light pixelating and things moving in fast motion. It was adding to my anxiety so I went off immediately and the hallucinations went away.
6816	10.0	I am 18 years old and started Effexor 3 months ago for anxiety. It has given me my life back, I used to have a hard time even leaving the house, now I enjoy life. I haven't been this happy in a long time. I don't think I would ever quit taking it. The first week I had the shakes, felt nausea, had headaches and had no appetite. The side effects went away and now I don't have any at all. I am so grateful, its changed my life for the better.
6817	9.0	Overall I love this pill, I have been on 75mg of Effexor for 8 years after being severely depressed and suicidal. I haven't had the same type of mood the whole time. The only downfall to this medication is the side effects, I have found that I have no libido and often very tired. Also if I miss one day I have very bad side effects like a really bad hangover. I am a little afraid of getting off the pill but I would like to try. Overall if you need help with your depression this pill is amazing.
6818	8.0	I was diagnosed with depression and generalized anxiety disorder after having panic attacks brought on by projects at work.  It was horrible...feelings of dread, pounding heart, I couldn't sleep, I couldn't eat, the non-stop stress hormones made my veins feel like they were full of broken glass...ugh!  I was started on Ratio-Venlafaxine at 37.5 mg (one capsule) per day for the first week and then 75 mg (two capsules) thereafter.  When I started, I had unusually sweaty palms and feet, but that has disappeared.  On one capsule per day I felt way better.  The medication lifted my mood and allowed me to sleep.  Now that I have been on two capsule per day, I find that I get hot flashes through my torso, nausea, and at night I seem to twitch.
6819	9.0	I have taken this medication for over 4 years and my life has changed dramatically since then. I take 75mg doses 3 times a day and my days are so much better now compared to over 4 years ago when I would have panic attacks and anxiety attacks. I would recommend this to anyone who has depression or anxiety/social anxiety disorders. The only downfall is if you run out of your prescription the withdrawal symptoms can be intense after about 2 days. Make sure your refills are ready and not about to expire because it can cause you a lot of problems such as it has been in my case. Other than that it is a great medication to help you get back to your normal self again.
6820	9.0	I started taking Effexor about a year ago.  It has made an incredible difference to my life.  I was extremely anxious, waking at night in a sweat (possible also the onset of menopause) and struggling to go back to sleep.  I was also depressed and found myself often crying for no reason at all.  I started very slowly, increasing dose every 2 months.  I cannot recommend Effexor enough.  I feel that it has turned my life around.  I did not gain weight at all which was a big concern.  I did feel quite lethargic at first and it took a while to get any sex drive back.  I am still not back to my usual sex drive, and reaching orgasm is harder. I still feel my decision to stay on Effexor has been the right one. Hope this helps.  Good luck.
6821	9.0	I was prescribed Effexor XR for anxiety and it has worked wonderfully. I have NO panic attacks, my constant level of anxiety is gone. However, I think it has worsened my depression slightly. Everyone responds to this medicine differently I guess, and I am more than willing to deal with minor depression if it means my anxiety is gone. This medicine has been great.
6822	10.0	I have found Effexor and therapy to be a fantastic combination. The Effexor alone has kept me from feeling like I'm going to climb the walls. I didn't lose any weight on Effexor. I actually gained some (in part due to my own lack of exercise). I weened off for about a year while I was pregnant. Withdrawals can be rough but not impossible. My advise is to ween VERY slowly. I went from 75 mg daily to 37.5 daily. Then to 37.5 every other day, then every two days, then every three days, etc. until I was taking it once a week then stopped.
6823	1.0	Continual weight gain, sexual disfunction, lack of normal emotions, stomach problems.
6824	6.0	I was on 150mg Effexor XR for about 4 years and it helped me with anxiety and panic attacks. I still had them, but not as often or as extreme. At the same time my doctor also prescribed 0.25mg Xanax for me to take as needed. Just knowing I had them available to help me almost instantly, was more of a panic and anxiety deterrent.
6825	3.0	I have been on Effexor XR 75mg for almost 4 years now. It really has been the best thing for me. I tried almost everything and this has definitely been the best. On the downside if you begin taking Effexor just plan on taking it the rest of your life. Doctors fail to tell you about the withdrawals and horrible discontinuation syndrome. I am pregnant now and having an extremely hard time getting off. 
6826	5.0	I was switched to Effexor XR after 2 years of Paxil. It worked wonderful for about 3 years. I was on 75mg and started to have uncontrollable movement with my one arm. Talked to my doctor who said it was not the medicine. Well after another year I was having the problem in my legs and both arms and could no longer sit or walk without frequent jerking. My doctor finally realized that it was a rare side effect of the medication from long term use and switched me to another. I still have the jerking at least 2 to 3 times a week. If you notice this problem at all you need to talk to your doctor immediately.
6827	9.0	I took Effexor for 10 years and found it highly effective controlling anxiety/panic attacks.  After deciding to stop [with Doctor's approval], I reduced my dosage gradually, and am discontinuing it.  Withdrawal has been rough - like the worst hangover - and I'm into the 5th day but getting better.  However, my mood is still good compared to 10 years ago, and I would like to be medication-free.  Effexor allowed me to control my anxiety/moods through some tough times and through it, I learned new ways to deal with such.  I highly recommend it.
6828	9.0	I have been taking Effexor XR for about 8 years after suffering a serious mental breakdown. This medicine has given me back my life.  Having said that the UK government have recently told all doctors to prescribe the generic version. THERE IS A HUGE DIFFERENCE, I began suffering terrible headaches, and anxiety again. After speaking to my Consultant Psychiatrist I am now back on Effexor with all the nasty symptoms gone. There really is no substitute for the real thing.
6829	6.0	"Effexor XR did it's job in balancing me out. I had a significant anxiety and depression problem. I started out with 75mgs, moved up to 150mgs and tried 300mgs. In the end, I settled with 150mgs. At 300mgs, my dreams at night were very, very vivid and real like. They were too much to deal with. And mentally I felt bogged down. I did too with 150mgs but not as much. I didn't notice much in side effects when I started taking it. However, it is true it does affect your sexual drive and experience. 

The prescription is fine if you have health and prescription insurance. The drug itself for a 30 day supply is about $180. The company does not offer you any helpful programs to try to reduce the cost. The company no longer offers free samples to my doctor so if and when I might need it due to a lack of funds, I can't get it from them.

I'm trying to come off it and have buzzing zaps dominating my head. As time goes on without the medicine the body feels like it's shriveling up and deals with other irritable side effects. During the time of coming off it, you are very irritable. I have followed my doctors orders of dropping the mgs down to 75 for two weeks. And then taking one capsule every other day after that for two weeks. It's the day in between that is awful, if I don't  have one a day. "
6830	1.0	It worked for about a year and then the panic and anxiety came back. Even being weaned off of the drug I had the most horrible side effects, mood swings, 40lb weight gain in only one month to name just a few. I have been off of it now for about 6 months and still experience the brain jolts.  
6831	1.0	I was prescribed this for chronic pain. It did relieve the pain but made me groggy and nauseated, so I did not continue it.
6832	8.0	"I am 26 years old and I have been on Effexor for anxiety.  When first starting the medication I had severe nausea for about 2 weeks but I stuck with it.  Thankfully the nausea went away and now I feel so much better. I feel smarter, more grounded and able to make appropriate decisions.  Before going on Effexor it was like I was always working hyper vigilantly to ensure nothing bad happened.  Now I am able to relax and go with the flow.  The only draw back is the severe withdrawal symptoms of dizziness and ""brain jolts."" I notice these beginning even if I am just a hour late taking my pill."
6833	9.0	Besides excessive sweating, this medicine has really helped me overcome my anxiety.
6834	10.0	"This medication has helped me out very much.  I used to get anxiety attacks often about school or work, a couple times a week but now I rarely get them at all.  I also used to just ""blow up"" in arguments with my wife but now I feel in control of my actions and speech."
6835	10.0	The generic venlafaxine is not comparable to EFFEXOR XR at all . You have to take them 1 every so many hours you have to figure it out to take during your waking hours. Therefore you crash daily and more than once a day. The bad news is my insurance won't pay for the EFFEXOR I have to pay out of pocket for it.
6836	10.0	I can't believe how much this medicine helps.  Something tramatic happened to me last May which made me very anxious and my doctor tried to prescribe this but my insurance company is notorious for turning down any medicine that does not have a generic. Finally in October (after trying many other medicines) I was prescribed Effexor.  Although the underlying issues are still there for me, I am myself again.
6837	9.0	I started taking 75 mg Effexor XR four weeks ago. I used to be extremely manic, impulsive, restless, aggressive, destructive, and all-around volatile. I'm back to being a bubbly, happy, normal twenty-year-old girl. I sleep soundly every night for 8-10 hours and wake to the alarm the first time it goes off (both are firsts in my life). I can concentrate in school, and I have hardly any anxiety. I do tire easily, and I have lost about 20 lb (I was a normal weight to begin with).
6838	10.0	It gave me my life back. I would have panic attacks that lasted for hours, always anxious, work was crippling. After one year no side effects. Now I feel normal, confident - it's something I've waited on for 26 years!
6839	8.0	I went from being to severely depressed and so lethargic I couldn't get out of bed, to taking the lowest dose of Effexor and suddenly having more energy than I knew what to do with. 
6840	9.0	I think this medication works well for anxiety. It only works average for depression.
6841	1.0	Started duloxetine for anxiety and panic attacks. Never helped with my off balance feeling, perhaps helped with panic somewhat. Started to slowly lower it after months of it and realizing it wasn't helping. I wouldn't recommend ever starting this medication simply because of the withdrawal. I didn't think it would be that bad. The floor moves under my feet, the floor drops out from under me, my heart gets electrocuted and sinks into the floor, my chest gets electrocuted and goes up into my head. My brain moves around. I get so dizzy I can barely walk. The anticipation of all of this when I walk causes extreme anxiety and panic. Would not recommend a drug with norepinephrine if you do not have depression. Try a SSRI.
6842	10.0	This drug was absolutely amazing when it worked for me.  I started to notice resolution of my severe anxiety symptoms within a week with little to no side effects.  Before I used this medication I was living in a constant state of anxiety where I would feel off balance most of the day and constantly fear that I was about to pass out.  My chest would be tight most of the day and I would get sharp, shooting pains all over my chest area and I would feel like every day I was going to die and even more so when I would try to go to bed at night; I was certain that I wasn't going to wake up the next day.  Also, I would feel like everything around me was sped up and I would get shortness of breath frequently through out the day as well as panic attacks and somehow I managed to function for two years in this living nightmare before I went and got help for myself.
6843	10.0	This medication has been life changing for me. No side effects to mention apart from a bit of a tremor. Have been taking it about 3 to 4 weeks now. It cured my insomnia from day 1 and after a week or so I noticed a massive reduction in anxiety. Fingers crossed that continues. As an added bonus it really helped with pain from fibromyalgia and arthritis enabling me to cut dosage of my pain medication
6844	8.0	"Three to four years ago my terrific wife thought my behavior was changing (mostly impatient) while I was taking EFFEXOR so my Dr had me try Cybalta &amp; my mood improved according to my wife.  I also have mild-moderate depression and this drug also took care of that as well as my anxiety (occasional panic attacks--really scary). Now none!!
Now the not-so-good-news. I believe the drug is attributable to increased ED, lower libido, tiredness, occasional brain 'zaps' (1-2 times/month on average usually at night when I first try to go to sleep, they last a few seconds but frightening nevertheless), Overall I recommend but realizing some of these situations could occur."
6845	9.0	"Since my retirement life has taken a few major turns. Deaths in the family, reduced income, children with problems, greater interaction with my bipolar wife and aging finally brought me to a point of high anxiety. Ativan too much so doc started 20mg cymbalta. Still at 20mg, and any side effects were too mild to identify. I started calling it my ""don't give a poop medicine"" because I found I could deal with my wife's constant 'need' by just not caring. Just finished my taxes and any thoughts I had of discontinuing soon were wiped.
Reading through these comments, I have seen the cluster of minor side effects that I was not associating with cymbalta. Afternoon fatigue, spaciness, headache that responds to water, unusual constipation and dream/wake state coupled with extended drowsiness after a normal nights sleep can be attributed to cymbalta. I was beginning to get anxious.
Thank you all for sharing your experiences. I assure you that at least one person has benefitted and is grateful."
6846	10.0	After my first dose of the generic version of Cymbalta  yesterday evening for major anxiety and minor depression. I was surprised to feel a difference within a few hours. My mood lifted and I had more energy. I still felt slightly anxious. Initial side effects: quite bad insomnia, slight jitteriness, slight diarrhea, very slight confusion at times and nausea for the first 12 hours after taking it. After 2 weeks, I now have zero side effects and have changed to taking it in the mornings. It is a miracle drug for my depression! The constant dark feeling of sadness has lifted completely. It has also helped my anxiety quite a lot, however I still have periods of anxiousness. I am definitely going to stay on this medication as it has drastically improved the quality of my life.
6847	9.0	This medication helped me so much! I battled severe depression in high school due to chronic illness and about a year and a half later developed a severe anxiety disorder. I started off on other meds (i.e. Lexapro, Zoloft, etc.) with little help. I've been taking duloxetine now for ten years and it makes a world of difference for me! Every medication reacts VERY differently in each individual and its a process of trial and error, but I'm very thankful for this medication. Are there side effects? Sure, like with any medication. My worst ones are always being hot and dry mouth (comes and goes). I've found ways to deal with those though and it doesn't take away the fact that my anxiety is helped tremendously and my depression nearly disappeared. I will battle anxiety for my whole life, I'm sure, so please don't think any drug is a magic, cure-all pill! BUT I can conscientiously recognize an anxiety attack and use my coping skills, whereas before, I felt completely out of control.
6848	4.0	This is for Sciencebitch: I'm going thru the same problems with generic brands switching since I was doing FINE on Teva. Have u found a generic thats as good as Teva?
6849	1.0	Horrific drug that should be banned, the withdrawal was insane, even for the short time I was on it, thankfully I met thousands of others in a FB support group  now with almost 15000 members  on how to get off this poison safely and properly, via opening capsules and  bead counting ( yes it's that bad to get off of) and a extremely slow taper...
6850	8.0	I'm 46 and over all generally healthy. I have suffered with anxiety and PMDD for about 6 years. After trying many SSRI medications and taking a low dose of  Xanax on a regular basis, Cymbalta has totally changed my life for the better. The mild side effects are far better than what I use to go through. I went from 20mg to 30mg and this works for me.
6851	5.0	My husband had Coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) 2 years ago and 2 months after he developed severe anxiety.  At first he was given Ativan to help him.  He was then given Celexa and it sent him for a loop--SEVERE anxiety, so that didn't work.  He decided he would just use Ativan during the day and Xanax to help him sleep.  I finally convinced him that he needs a long term treatment.  He is almost through his second week of Cymbalta.  It is making him very tired, almost exhaustion and he feels like he is in a fog.  He is still having his spells, but I don't think they are as severe.  I keep encouraging him to give it more time.  I hope this works, I want my outgoing, funny, and energetic husband back.
6852	7.0	"I had substance abuse 7 years ago and suddenly developed anxiety disorder.
I was put on many meds then on cymbalta 60mg and within 3 months everything was back to normal and my doc weaned me of  another 3 months.
I lived the best years of my life from 2012 traveling working got married have a daughter everything with 0 anxiety until last month.
I started feeling like am losing my mind along with intense fear and then I realised my anxiety came back
Same doc put me back on 30mg of cymbalta in the morning  along with 2.5mg zyprexa at night for 1 month
10 days into the treatment felt normal again I couldn't be much happier went back to the old me BUT unfortunately the last 3 days anxiety came back very high.  I talked to my doc today and he told me to keep the dosages like they are and to wait a little...so is it possible that the drug stopped working or its just my body is readjusting??
Did anyone have similar experience where the medication worked the first 10 days and then anxiety came back?"
6853	10.0	I've been on Cymbalta for just less than a month. It has been a life saver for me. I have C-PTSD, brain trauma, anxiety, depression and borderline personality disorder. I've taken more meds than I can even remember. Cymbalta us working great and no side effects. I can go out in public now without anxiety attacks and I'm not sitting on the couch afraid to move. Good med for me. I take other meds also and was taken off of Klonopin. I know have more energy and happiness.
6854	9.0	Cymbalta worked great for me and I'm blessed that it did. I had read many reviews of those unable to take it for various reasons and that scared me but my Dr. suggested I try it and I'm so glad I did. For 16 months I had zero anxiety and I went through hell for part of that time. Things were going so well I decided to get off of it because taking it had negatively impacted my BP. I went from 60mg to 30mg for 30 days and then started 20mg. During the time I was on 20mg I had my first anxiety attack in 16 months! I'm back on 60mg and hoping once a few weeks pass of being back on maintenance dose that the anxiety will go away again! Wish I had never tried to get off of it!
6855	2.0	Didnt do much for OCD, Social Phobia, and other anxiety issues.
6856	1.0	Cymbalta was not a medication for me.  Instead of helping me, it made me mean.  I took it for a few days but that's all the time I needed to see the horrible side effects.
6857	1.0	I have severe anxiety and this drug made me depressed to the point of hurting myself and thinking about suicide. I’m not a depressed person, I’m usually a happy go lucky person. Everybody reacts different but that was the worst 3 weeks ever.
6858	8.0	"I really love this one. Suuuper effective in so many ways.
In particular, helped me get my depression and anxiety under control.
It is included in my “concoction” of medicines, and just recently I tried cutting it out of the equation.

-Ever since stopping it, I am back to crying regularly. Very sensitive and unable to control my emotions. I had trouble DRIVING because I was so overwhelmed with anxiety and terrified of getting into a car accident. Irritable, angry, sleeping 12 hours again. 
Depression is a bitch. I highly recommend giving this one a shot.

*BEWARE* This drug makes you unable to sexually climax. (Which is why I’m seeking an alternative)"
6859	1.0	"Within two days of starting Cymbalta, I had 'flashing lights' in my peripherals (which didn't go away for two years) and nausea. Not that big of a deal. But on day three, I was hit by an insane attack on what I assume was my central nervous system. I felt like my chest was in an ice bath, my internal temp dropped several degrees, my groin felt like it was on fire (burning/cramping), I started shaking and sweating and went into full blown panic. After taking a week off, I tried the drug again. Same thing. Absolutely awful. My doctors/pharms had never heard of these side effects, which were worse than my symptoms (anxiety-related feeling of throat/tongue swelling).

I switched to Effexor (SNRI), which finally worked."
6860	2.0	"I was prescribed this to help with my severe anxiety and in hopes it would also help my chronic pain.
I think I'm allergic to it because in 2 hours of taking it I got a stabbing pain in my head and the light made my eyes burn. I could barely even say this to a doctor because along with barely being able to string two words together I had intense nausea with cramping and it wasn't until the ER had the lights around me dimmed enough for me to try and open my eyes I realized my face was pretty swollen."
6861	10.0	I've suffered from anxiety and depression off and on for most of my life. I've tried many antidepressants (mostly SSRI's) without success. The side effects of these drugs were unbearable (mainly acute insomnia and panic attacks). Finally, after 30 years of intermittent mental suffering, despite running 30 miles a week and seeing a therapist on a regular basis, my primary care physician prescribed Cymbalta. It is a miracle drug. Although I've only been on it for 3 weeks, I'm already feeling relief from a major depression that started 6 months ago. I no longer have suicidal thoughts; negative, obsessive thinking; panic attacks; and I sleep like a rock. the world is so much brighter - I feel a sense of calm, contentment, and happiness.
6862	10.0	I tried to go about my life without being on an antidepressant, but life didn’t seem very liveable anymore. I tried Lexapro, and though it stopped the heart pounding and shortness of breath, I was still very depressed and always exhausted. I also went from 130 to 150 pounds in about 2 months. I switched to Cymbalta and everything changed, I have never been happier. I wake up full of energy, which is something I have never had. I have also lost the weight I gained! Like others have said, everyone is different and medications will affect you differently. I was surprised to hear my friend had a bad experience with it. I very much recommend at least trying because it has helped me so much!
6863	8.0	All I can say is try it and don't take all reviews at face value - not everyone has brain zaps and puts on a ton of weight because everyone is different. All I know is I suffered from major anxiety and depression (tried to get by without meds for some time).  I had fluoxetine and citalopram - the first only helped with depression and the second gave me heart palps.  Now on cymbalta I am feeling normal and wake up refreshed and ready to face the day. The first week was a bit crazy, felt like on a bad trip. Then felt great for a week, then low again for two and now I am fine (Taken them for about 8 weeks now).  I also have the motivation now to lose weight which I have done so I am fairly optimistic. 8 stars because haven't taken it long term yet.
6864	9.0	I've taken Cymbalta for almost a year for depression and anxiety. I'm also taking Buspar. My anxiety and depression are noticeably improved. I have tried many of the SSRI's without any help, but this SNRI is great. I take 40mg/day. I've been as high as 60mg/day but found no help at the higher dosage. The only side effect might be a bit of drowsiness. I tried to reduce my dosage quickly and found this is not a drug one wants to 'cold-turkey' to get off the drug. The benefits far exceed any bad side effects.
6865	1.0	This drug is ruining my life. I'm 58 years old and have been tormented by side affects and horrible thoughts. Don't care about anything. If I stop can't handle it. I have tried to get off for last couple of years and has caused my health to decline. I'm 94 pounds now and I just feel like a zombie. Can't even think. Sit for hours on end and can't move. Don't take this drug. It will ruin your life and change you to someone who doesn't care about anything. Don't take this drug.
6866	2.0	Awful!!! Caused my anxiety to go into massive overdrive to the point my entire body was shivering. I did fall asleep at night because I was exhausted from being on edge all day. I put on 15 lbs since I started taking it 3 months ago. They are like speed pills which causes the excessive anxiety. So glad I'm off of them now. Definitely not for me! (Bipolar-PTSD-OCD-Anxiety) this medicine was added to my daily Lamictal 150mg
6867	8.0	Works okay for me. I went on it because Cipralex (Lexapro) pooped out on me. Doesn't deaden my emotions as much as other drugs. Anxiety is pretty much non-existent now but my depression remains. No side effects. I put on a lot of weight on Cipralex and it hasn't come off while on Cymbalta, but it hasn't increased either. I haven't had any notable side effects. Oddly, I did have an irritated sciatic nerve when I started Cymbalta and while I wasn't put on it for that, it did kind of help that too.
6868	2.0	I'm pretty sure that I don't suit this medication. The first three weeks were absolute torture with blurred vision, headaches, nausea, and no energy. After that time the medicine did seem to help my anxiety and depression. However, after three months the side effects came back worse than the first three weeks. I went to my doctor and asked to switch medications immediately. Coming off of the Cymbalta was the worst experience of my life. At one point I had uncontrollable shaking and muscle movements. I couldn't even concentrate enough to go to the kitchen and make a sandwich. I know this drug works for many people, but for myself it was like taking poison.
6869	10.0	"It's amazing. Zero side effects. I feel ""Normal"". These reviews scared me but my Dr encouraged me to try for myself and see.

Lexapro put 10 kilos on me.
Edeonax made me the sickest I have ever been in my life and was a bloody nightmare. After that ordeal I was so scared to take Cymbalta.

My energy is amazing now.
Anxiety, panic attacks and social anxiety feel mild but manageable- like I have a chance."
6870	9.0	"I feel like some of you people commenting on how inept the doctors are at prescribing medication for you fail to realize how medications affect people differently. You had a bad experience? That is in no way, shape or form the doctors fault. At all. Your body chemistry is just different than they expected. These psychiatric issues are not an exact science. Medicine is not an exact science. 
That aside, I've only been on Cymbalta for about a month but I have already noticed a vast improvement. I feel less anxious overall and haven't experienced a panic attack since I started on it. Again this isn't an exact science and sometimes it takes experimentation to get the right combination. Hopefully I've found a proper solution to my issues."
6871	1.0	Was put on this for anxiety/pain. Although it did help with anxiety, it made me very weak in the legs.  So much so that I can't stand it. I am prescribed 60 mg, but I take 15 mg to keep the edge off. Im told weakness in muscles is not a side effect. Garbage ! I see in some comments that few others have it. Doctors act like we don't know our own bodies. ...So frustrating!
6872	9.0	I have never in my life functioned properly until cymbalta, I have gone from panic attacks  , to public speaking with no hesitation , I finally have a real life , I don't over stress , I no longer ruminate , no shakings , no lasting side effects ,  a bit hyper and loss of libido but sorted out in a few months, I never want to come of it , changed my life totally , been on 60 mgs for 20 months
6873	10.0	I'm hoping my comments reaches out to those who like me gave up on medication time and time again as it affected their work outs. As a long distance runner and someone suffering from years of major PTSD and Anxiety, it was nearly impossible to have the stamina to run while on meds. I'd have to grin and bear the struggles of my PTSD without meds during my years of marathon training. Cymbalta and Latuda have been the perfect combination for me. Though Latuda is more for Bi-Polar, it has helped many people with PTSD, like myself. I have no weight gain and I have plenty of stamina to do my running. I'm so grateful to God and my doctor for finding the best program for me. If you're an athlete, help is out there.
6874	10.0	Started on cymbalta 30mg in Aug 2017. I do suffer from anxiety and in addition to that I have herniated discs and problems in my neck. This medicine has been the greatest thing I have ever taken. Finally I can go to grocery stores alone and not have panic attacks in the middle of walmart. So my anxiety has greatly improved. The tingling and dizziness I would get in my head and arms is gone. My neck pain has improved but it could get even better if I could increase my dose to 60 mg. But my blood pressure is at times is too high. Once this is under control they will increase cymbalta. I have had no side affects at all on this medication and feel like I can live again. Mood has improved and I feel like myself again.
6875	1.0	"I took this drug for GAD. Of course it did its job. 

BUT PLEASE READ ABOUT ITS WITHDRAWAL SYMPTOMS BEFORE STARTING!!! 

I have stopped taking it 4 days ago and you can't imagine the things I am going through. I remember before taking it, I read reviews about this drug. And one of the reviews wrote 'DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG. IT IS HELL' and I was like why so dramatic. And oh boy was he not!! I am reading about how to reduce the withdrawal symptoms. And after reading the users who are trying to stop Cymbalta on this page https://www.drugs.com/answers/long-cymbalta-withdrawals-747877.html?page=2, I found out that I have a long way to go. 

Please be careful."
6876	10.0	It helps me a great deal for my anxiety. I have been taking it for 8 years and it works very well. Also, since I start taking it, my lower back pain got better, but still I have some bouts once in awhile. I will ask my doctor if I can upgrade the dosage to help me when I have those bouts!
6877	10.0	Cymbalta saved me.  I was in a state of constant recurring anxiety with many physical symptoms such as vomiting every morning, shaking, and over feeling of panic and disassociation.  My thoughts were swirling (due to a very stressful situation) almost constantly.  I started on 30mg and noticed an improvement within 2 weeks.  I still had some anxiety in the mornings so my dose was increased to 60 mg.  I have 0 anxiety now and am able to more calmly and clearly work through stressful or worrisome situations.  I had very great reservations about any kind of medication and only decided to try because I had no options.  It has been a godsend for me and I have had zero side effects.  Don't rule it out, it may save your life.
6878	9.0	I took Cymbalta (20mg twice per day) for about a year. The drug worked better than any other AD I tried. Around 10 months ago, I wanted to see if I could come off the drug to see how I would do. I suffered from anxiety and mild depression. Once the drug was weaned out of my system, I haven't felt quite right. My doctor agreed for me to start taking it again. After three weeks, I have a much better state of mind with decreased anxiety. I really like this medication and have no side effects!
6879	8.0	"Took for 2 years. Seemed to help with GAD after a month or so, and was taking in conjunction with alprazolam. VERY expensive med, so I strongly suggest finding a prescription discount card or coupon ($41 was the cheapest I ever paid-WITH my insurance it was $75)!  Do NOT miss a dose or you will get what I call ""zilches"" (feels like a painless yet bothersome &amp; annoying electrical shock feeling from your shoulders to your fingertips). After I stopped taking it because I just couldn't afford it, and it didn't seem to be helping anymore, it took about a month for the ""zilches"" to go away. Again, they're not painful, just a very weird feeling. also caused some weight gain. Starting Effexor ER tomorrow, so we'll see how that goes."
6880	8.0	I am 72 it has worked great for me, still taking it no side effects! would hate to taken off it.
6881	1.0	First day I took the first 20mg capsule...thought I was going to have a seizure and was having a full blown panic attack. She had given me this for anxiety and for pain (didn't help either: in fact made BOTH the pain and anxiety worse) I couldn't sleep that night. I was supposed to try it for 3 weeks before she upped my dose but I said no way. I threw the bottle away and don't ever want to put one in my body again. It almost strangely reminded me of being on a stimulant (adderall or vyvanse) but it wasn't pleasant or made me focus. I was extremely distracted and panicking so much. I cried for hours.
6882	1.0	Rheumatologist put me on Cymbalta for fibromyalgia.  I started on the medication, 20 mg, I think.  I worked at a bank at the time and 1 week into taking it I was having anxiety attacks at work.  I had anxiety before this but not in social situations like this.  I stayed on it for another week or so but took myself off.  She also put me on amitriptine  for muscle relaxation at night.  First it knocked me the heck out, then within 2 wks I would wake up with bad cramps in my legs and such tension/contraction in all my muscles that I couldn't sleep. Weaned myself off of that too. Told Dr what happened, she said it wasn't the medicine causing the symptoms.  Right..  10 months later still have anxiety, voice is shaky, not working.
6883	10.0	I'm on cymbalta 30mg for my anxiety and depression and I have been on it for a month I have no side effects but nausea and being tired but that all went away in about 2 weeks but great meds works great for me
6884	8.0	"Just started taking this med 5 days ago after 5 years on Celexa. Celexa always left me at an ""I'm fine"" state and I just said that ""I just am older, so I shouldn't expect to have the energy I had in high school"" (I'm 26). Two months ago, my meds seemed to stop working all together. My doc decided we should counter-taper meds between Celexa and Cymbalta.  Day one of Cymbalta on the lowest dose, I felt absolutely amazing. I have all of my full range of emotions and so much energy and concentration! For about 8 hours on Day 2, my eyebrow would twitch on and off, but that's gone. I'm planning on discussing with my doc about keeping the low dose (he suggested one up) and just completely getting rid of Celexa and see how that works. I'm ecstatic!"
6885	1.0	By the third dose, I had experienced chest tightness, dry mouth, dilated pupils, dizziness and a loss of emotions. The most interference in my life was the dizziness. I did not want to drive the 25 miles to work and back due to feeling dizzy. The side effect that bothered me the most was the lack of feeling emotions. I felt very detached from any emotion and was unable to cry, laugh or feel love. I discontinued the drug after the third dose. This was not the way I wanted to feel while dealing with moderate anxiety. I'll look for herbal remedies and remain in therapist-guided talk therapy. I don't want to be a dizzy emotional zombie. I am also scared to death, from what I've read, to discontinue this drug due to horrendous bad side effects.
6886	10.0	At 60 years old with needle like pains and over 30 years of generalized anxiety it took two weeks of a little fog. I started taking at night 30mg. I am the guy I use to be today. Not worried about getting off because I'm not. I have tried it all and for depression caused by pain will fix this. Give it time. I put an X on each day and quit after a month. Smooth sailing.
6887	9.0	After taking Cipralex for anxiety for over 6 months, I began to experience very low mood and energy levels. My doctor recommended I switch to Cymbalta. Overall my experience has been positive. I didn't even notice, but on Cipralex I had a very decreased sex drive that rebounded right back once I was put on Cymbalta. I had trouble finishing the first 2 weeks during sex, but this side effect along with decreased appetite dissipated after the first 3 weeks of treatment. Overall my mood has stabilized and I feel very good on this drug. Please note that people tend to report either great or horrible experiences and everyone reacts to drugs differently. Take reviews with a grain of salt and always collaborate with your doctor for best results.
6888	1.0	"Cymbalta is from the devil  Evil, evil drug. Trying to stop it is hell on earth. Severe anxiety and emotional pain. 
Horrible dreams. I am an absolute wreck. Didn't take it for three days and was in extreme trouble. They don't make the dose low enough so you can get off it. Lowest is 30mg. Load of garbage."
6889	4.0	"So far I am on day three of taking Duloxetine and I already want to be off of it.

I have been taking the drug at night as I read that it can cause serious drowsiness. Since I already felt drowsy before taking the drug, I didn't want this to end up being worse. I get up every hour and each time, I am wide awake. This has been the second day where I have gotten up at 3AM and haven't been able to go back to sleep. 

I have never taken steroids, but after all I've heard, I feel like I'm on one. I'm starving all of the time. Right after I eat, I feel like I haven't eaten for hours. My muscles have been tightening up, my jaw clenches and I grind my teeth. The worst part is that I'm easily agitated and angered by the smallest of things."
6890	9.0	Hi everyone-I just started Cymbalta about 2 weeks ago and so far it has been great-My anxiety was really bad for months, leading to severe depression, and I finally had to talk to my doctor about taking something-I was reluctant about taking anything and hadn't before now-I am so glad I did! I take 30 mg now 1x day and like the lower dose-Initially had a couple a bad reactions-after 12 hrs of my first pill, I got severely hyper but it settled about 6 hrs later then I took a day off and restarted-it's been fine ever since-I can't explain how great it feels to not have those negative thoughts constantly harass you and the renewed sense of self and confidence is over-whelming. I only noticed dry mouth and I'm more forgetful it seems.
6891	8.0	I'm taking Duloxetine 20mg per day for anxiety and minor depression. I have taken this med for almost two months and keep a daily journal. As a 'blind study' I started this drug without my wife's knowledge. I noticed a decrease in my overall anxiety in ten (10) days and my wife mentioned my calmness in two weeks. I am a 70 year old male and I supplement Duloxetine with Buspar on an 'as needed' basis for anxiety. The Duloxetine seems to smooth things out without the numbing effect of a benzodiazepine. I'm on the minimum available dosage and will soon ask my PCP to up my dosage to 40mg per day. There have been absolutely no bad side effects from the drug.
6892	10.0	This drug has done wonders to treat my anxiety and depression, and it hasn't caused weight gain. Be patient with the side effects, they go away. For the first 5 weeks I experienced sleep disruption, a metallic taste in my mouth and sexual side effects but they all went away.
6893	9.0	I was experiencing anxiety and depression for awhile. Being a full time student didn't help the situation at all so I finally decided to get on a medication that my doctor recommended and one that wouldn't have a side effect of weight gain. The first week I woke up in the middle of the night with huge panic attacks and feeling like I didn't know where I was at! After a few days, I realized it was just a side effect of my medication. Another side effect I experienced the first week was being extremely tired. So tired that I had to pull over while I was driving one day and have my brother take over. Now that I've been on Duloxetene 30mg for a few weeks it has done wonders! My mood is so much more stabilized. High recommend this drug!! :)
6894	8.0	Severe hives. Cannot stop itching and a rash appears. Can be any part of my body and head. Drives me mad. But pros outweigh the cons as my anxiety has reduced so much.
6895	8.0	Was prescribed for depression, but it affected my panic disorder very much. I went from 6-7 panic attacks a day to 1-2 a week/month. It really really helped with my anxiety. The initial 2 weeks were horrible though, increased anxiety, hot flashes. And it interacts with a lot of medications (including vitamin d supplements)
6896	10.0	"Changed my life. I had been experiencing slight bouts of anxiety starting at around age 19. Hitting me hard, randomly of course, only a few times a year. Then when I was 24 something changed with my anxiety and I became completely crippled by it. I was being consumed by constant anxiety, worry, fear, etc every single minute of everyday including when I slept. I was out of control emotionally and mentally. I had to take a box of tissues with me everywhere because the anxiety was so severe I would burst out into tears even during the ""happiest"" of times. Finally after suffering for months I decided to give  Cymbalta a try, reluctantly though. After a week of relatively mild side effects it had changed my life and saved my life."
6897	9.0	I was experiencing awful panic attacks and anxiety that wouldn't let up, I tried so many medications but Cymbalta was the one that worked best for me.  Started at 30 mg for a week then went up to 60, then up to 90 mg where Im at now.  Only down side was it seemed like it took a long time to get here almost back to normal after almost 2 months but I'm glad I'm here, have not had a panic attack in weeks, anxiety is down and I'm off all benzos.  Stick with this medication it did wonders for me and I'm very sensitive to medications.
6898	10.0	I'm Taking Cymbalta for Anxiety And Depression It Makes Me A  Little Jittery And If I Don't Eat With It I Get Sick to My Stomach But I Feel Better Than I Have In A Long Time And Where I Was Using Food To Cope With The Depression This Actually Regulated My Eating So Now I'm  Eating Less With More Energy And Feeling Like A Million Bucks
6899	9.0	I was hesitant to start on an antidepressant. However, while always prone to depression, the episodes had become more severe and lasted longer. I had terrible anxiety. Often even waking up in the middle of the night gasping for breath. Went on cymbalta. It took maybe 2 wks till I tentatively began to acknowledge that it might be working. Plus one evening I went downstairs to get ice for my neck (I had neck surgery last year) and realized I hadn't done that in weeks! Wasn't even taking It for pain. Ive  been on it for 3 mos now. I have experienced extreme fatigue like if I didn't have to get out of bed I could sleep for 12 hrs!  But that seems to be getting better. This drug has been subtle yet miraculous and improved my quality of life!
6900	8.0	"I began taking cymbalta six weeks ago for generalized anxiety disorder.  Although the initial side effects of disrupted sleep was difficult, it disappeared after about three weeks.  I began on 30 mg and increased to 60 mg after one week.  The results have been incredible.  For the first time ever, I can sit quietly without a million thoughts running through my head.  I no longer feel ""stuck"" on certain thoughts.  I feel calmer, more relaxed and happier.  I also find that my thinking is very clear.  Overall, feeling very, very good.  Highly recommend cymbalta."
6901	9.0	I read a lot of reviews before taking this and there seemed to be really mixed views. I've tried Citalopram, mirtazapine and now this. This is the first time I've not felt like a complete zombie detached from life. This drug has pretty much saved my life and bought control back to my life. The only long term side effect I've experience is heart palpitations. The nausea lasted a week tops. Everybody is different and responds differently to medications. So don't be put off by negative comments
6902	1.0	Do not take this! It made me very sick vomiting and now diarrhea for days.
6903	7.0	I have been taking this for two weeks now, the initial side effects as my body 'got used ' to it have been horrible. Feel sick don't feel hungry, pupils are oddly dilated, can't sleep, feel tired and energy less, no sex drive at all, dizzy, headaches etc. My joint pain is pretty much gone and so is my anxiety but I'm really not sure which is better at the moment!
6904	8.0	I took this drug awhile back, I was on it for 3 years. I don't recall ever having side effects while initially starting or during taking it over time. This drug seemed to help my depression and anxiety significantly, probably more than I actually realized at the time. Only problem I had was, if I missed a dose I'd be hit with massive emotional distress. Crying over the stupidest things rather it was positive or negative crying. My emotions were intense. After a long time without medicine now, trying to beat depression and anxiety on my own and being somewhat successful for an extended period of time I've been contemplating using it again. I've tried almost all of these meds, and this is the one that's worked for me the most.
6905	9.0	I have used Prozac (gained a lot of weight)  Now I am on a combination of Wellbutrin and Cymbalta.  What a difference.  No foggy brain.  My emotions are back.  Don't feel like a zombie any more.  Feel a little dizzy at times, but the benefits outweigh the side effects.  I lost 10 kg !!!  Look and feel great.  Will stay on this combination.  Great for depression.
6906	8.0	I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder.  It got so bad I couldn't function and my Dr took me off work for 5 weeks and gave me 30mg of cymbalta (generic).  By day 10 I noticed a big improvement..about 60% better.  I see Dr in 2 weeks and she will decide if I should take 60mg.  I really don't want to and I'm hoping I will continue to get better on the 30mg.  I guess I will wait and see how I feel.  I think therapy is a must for people with anxiety so we can learn ways to help stop the negative thoughts and not let them ruminate on a repeat reel in our head.  I have found that there are things we can learn to help with that along with the meds.
6907	9.0	I tried cymbalta right after I gave birth and I noticed a difference within days. My.mood swings before my period get very bad and I thought the medicine wasn't working anymore so I switched to prozac. Big.mistake. I couldn't get out of bed. I switched back to cymbalta and am on day 2 and feel good. Never had side effects or anything like that. This has always been fast acting and an overall good medicaton for depression and my anxiety.
6908	5.0	"I took this for both anxiety and pain.  It did not work as well as Effexor for anxiety but it helped keep away the bad anxiety attacks.  I had to take ativan several times a week where as on the Effexor I took it once or twice a week.  I changed to the Cymbalta hoping it would help with my chronic pain and it did significantly.  The only bad side effect I have had is higher body temperature and sweating.  I am currently researching other medications just because of this side effect.  If you anxiety is mild to moderate and you have chronic pain I think this is a good option if you dont experience the sweating.  My anxiety was a little to much for this drug to handle alone and I cant handle the sweating and ""hot flashes"""
6909	7.0	I've only been on it for 7 days at 30 mg. My Dr said to increase to 60 mg after a week.  I feel it's working for my anxiety at this level so I don't think I should go up. Thoughts?
6910	1.0	I took my first and last 30mg dose of Cymbalta yesterday. The side effects were just unbearable. Dry mouth, blurred vision, tremors, panic attacks, vomiting. I will never take it again. And now today, after only having took one pill and discontinuing, I am having body aches and extreme fatigue. There has to be a better way to beat this anxiety than poisoning ourselves.
6911	9.0	At 25 i started taking celexia. When I became pregnant less then a year later I noticed it not working any more. Then after my daughter was born I noticed a huge difference. My doctor perscribed my cymbalta, starting at 30mg and finally leveling out at 90mg. This is the best I have ever felt and have now been taking it for almost 5 years. A year ago I tried to lower my dosage (through my doctor of course) and with in the week noticed a huge difference, I was more irritable, less patient, and more anxiety. And when I dont take it for a few days my head pounds, I feel nausious, and not like my self at all. At the end of the day the good out ways the bad. Although I do wish they were not so expensive but how can you put a price on feeling normal?
6912	2.0	"I took Cymbalta for anxiety and depression. Over the years, I took anywhere from 30-120 mg. I think around 60 mg was most effective with fewest side effects, but I still experienced tons of anxiety while on it. At 120 mg, I had bizarre psychomotor symptoms - for example, in order to fall asleep, I had to rock back and forth. The same day that I decreased from 60 mg to 30 mg, I noticed the return of an OCD-style facial tic I hadn't had since middle school (I'm 25). Side effects included drastically increased sweating, ""brain zap"" headaches, and difficulty finding the right words (which may be permanent, as I've been off Cymbalta for 3 weeks and continue to experience it)."
6913	8.0	After several years of Zoloft use for GAD, I went off of it, under my dr's supervision. Felt Ok, then last year, had a lot of chronic pain, back &amp; arthritis...heard that Cymbalta was good for all those--pain, depression and anxiety. Psych doc gave me samples, seemed to kick in pretty well &amp; quickly. I have gone through 3 major surgeries in the last 18 months--and went off the Cymbalta b/c I thought I could handle it...Nope, I'm a mess. Needed daily clonazepam to cope. I just went though a 3rd and (Hopefully!!) final surgery 5 weeks ago. Hadn't taken any Cymbalta for months. I am going back on. Just got thru the worst anxiety attacks in my life following the 3rd surgery. I think the dose for me was 60mgs, and I will start it up again.
6914	4.0	Started on Cymbalta for anxiety &amp; depression fall 2014. It was the first anti-depressant that I'd ever tried (aside from St. John's Wort). Side effects during the first week of taking it were SO terrible that I had to stop. I was constantly dizzy. I couldn't focus on anything. It made my body so tense, I'd catch myself clenching my teeth and fists. Insomnia was terrible; I'd wake up ~5x per night. I work in healthcare and I felt like I couldn't do my job with all of these side effects, so I stopped. The side effects were really worse than my anxiety and depression. I have no doubt that they would have eventually decreased, but I couldn't wait for that to happen. Obviously, the side effects will be different for everybody but that's my story
6915	1.0	This medications helped with my arthritis a little but did nothing for anxiety
6916	3.0	It is now day four on 60mg and I feel terrible. I am agitated, anxious, extremely bad hot flushes, tremors, nausea, dont want to see food. Will this pass and then start to get effective? As I'm feeling now I would rather just stop using it.
6917	10.0	I was prescribed Cymbalta for anxiety, it has had a major positive impact.  I was a competitive distance runner for about 25 years and sprained both ankles and wore out my knees.  I was so achy in my joints all weekend and realized I did not take my medicine Saturday or Sunday because I put my pill case away when the cleaning lady came--HA HA.  It helps anxiety and joint pain.  I am very pleased with the results.
6918	10.0	I have GAD, tried celexa, worked for a while, mental fog. I then tried Lexapro which worked but I decided to try Cymbalta for its chronic low back pain effectiveness. I have a bulged disc, arthritis from homecare for many years. I will not even consider Narcotics for pain... Cymbalta has been a life saver, I too have dry mouth night sweats, increased weight of 10lbs. But I feel calmer, I started off on 30 mg for 2 wks the increased the dose per my HCP.  I can tell when I don't take it. Chronic low back pain, dizziness as well and  anxiety symptoms return... I am a nurse and I hate taking medicine but this is one medicine I don't mind taking. The benefits out weigh the everything else.
6919	10.0	I had been using Cymbalta for 3 years and all was great until the generic one appeared and I took it for several weeks and started getting a metallic taste in my mouth and got cyst in my mouth and on both sides of my tongue; nothing tasted right.  I had my doc write a script for use of only the original Cymbalta because I saw on another forum that this was a reaction of the generic.  All the cyst cleared up and gone and everything is normal after 2 weeks of original Cymbalta!
6920	10.0	Took it for 6 months and it got me through the worst of my symptoms
6921	10.0	I have been on several medications (citalopram) &amp; after 6   years it simply stopped helping my anxiety. It made me tired, foggy &amp; spacey anyways. I had a hard time being sharp at my corporate job. I then got off of anything and was just ok for 7 months. Then my spouse almost died and it sent me reeling into depression &amp; severe anxiety. I was paralyzed with fear. I couldn't get my work done, cried all the time, had major anxiety. I was afraid to try anything due to the fear of being tired, foggy or dull. Started 30mg Cymbalta. It helped me within 3 days. First 3 days was nauseous. After 2 weeks I was no longer depressed, no catastrophic thinking or panic attacks. Wish I had tried 10-20 years ago! It has turned me around. Not foggy or tired!
6922	8.0	I started taking Cymbalta earlier this year for my anxiety. I found it really helped, but I didn't want to stay on it for long. I had a few side effects while being on Cymbalta such as night sweats, trouble sleeping and electric pulses through my body. Whilst gradually lowering my doses of Cymbalta these side effects did get a little worse, however they have completely gone now. I started lowering my doses in June, and now by the end of August the night sweats have completely stopped, my sleeping is back to normal, and the electric pulses are very rare. When I think about getting worried or anxious now, I just remember that its not a big deal and that if I was on Cymbalta I wouldn't have even thought about it.
6923	8.0	I'm 5 weeks into taking Duloxetine for depression and anxiety and have had an overall positive experience.  My anxiety was greatly reduced after only 4 days on 40mg per day including stopping negative thoughts, no more panic attacks at night etc.  The second week I was very tired and depressed without the anxiety, sleeping many hours each day.  But by the third week both depression and anxiety were greatly reduced.  However by the end of the month the anxiety had started to return slightly and my doctor has now increased the dose to 80mg per day.  I had slight nausea, dry mouth and loss of appetite, and some indigestion during the first week or so and now again since I have upped the dose but I imagine these will disappear again soon.
6924	4.0	Didn't work for me. Felt pretty barfy and crummy first several days. Seemed to make me agitated. Only on it for a week; withdrawal was unpleasant. Just my experience, however.
6925	9.0	I just started taking this medication last night and ALREADY feel so much better. I've tried Prozac, Celexa, Zoloft, Buspar, Abilify, and countless others to help with my anxiety and none of them worked. This medication is a miracle in my opinion. I can't believe how quickly it works too. I'm taking this along with Atarax to help anxiety and panic attacks. I like the Atarax too and have not needed to take clonazepam today. Very happy. Only problem was that I couldn't sleep last night. I was physically exhausted and couldn't open my eyes or move but my mind was active. Hopefully this will pass. I've also had an upset stomach today with diarrhea but it beats anxiety any day!
6926	9.0	I was quick to anger, severe mood swings would yell at my kids for the slightest things. I was ready to punch anybody that would make me mad and( it didn't take much!) I started with Cymbalta 30mg and I noticed a slight difference I was increased to 60 mg and I felt the change right away. I'm so calm and I'm back to being a happy mom. I take it at night because it would get me sleepy during the day if I take in the morning some of the side effects I've experienced have been dry mouth, lack of appetite, hot flashes, tiredness! I love this medicine it has changed my life. The relationship with my children is much much better too. I no longer have crying spells and I'm a much nicer person. Try Cymbalta.
6927	8.0	After trying two other medicines with horrible side effects and no results, Cymbalta finally did the trick!  The side effects were mild (hot flashes, some shakiness, etc) have mostly subsided and I'm sleeping better.
6928	10.0	This medication was a life saver for me as it helped me to overcome anxiety at work and allowed me to regain my focus. This also helped a lot with my irritable bowel syndrome issues! Only downfall was the first few weeks where I lost a lot of weight due to having no desire to eat and I had to switch to taking it at night because when I took it in the morning it made me dizzy and tired all day. I am taking 30mg once a day and have been on this for about 8 months. Hang in there if you just started the medication because it takes about a month to really kick in.
6929	9.0	I started this medication after I basically had a nervous breakdown in June 2013. I couldn't function as a mother, I felt scared &amp; nervous all the time, lights were too bright, sounds were too loud. I couldn't deal with all of the things that needed to be done around the house. Started out at 30mg for 2 weeks then went up to 60mg. Made me super tired in the afternoons at first. (take around 7am). Cymbalta slowly brought me out of the 'fog' I was in, it took about 6-8 weeks before I could say I felt 'normal' again; whatever that is, right? 
6930	8.0	The medication helps but if I take too much at once or not at the right time thing dont feel right other wise It has greatly helped my mood
6931	6.0	"Cymbalta worked somewhat on my obsessive compulsive disorder, anxiety and depression better than other medicines. However, I felt like I couldn't do much. I had zero energy even though I took my dose (60mgs) at night. It became too tiring to even make myself something to eat. I did not want to go anywhere or do anything because I didn't have the energy. 
At higher doses (90 mgs), I had stomach upset and pains if I did not take my dose with food. I would also have diarrhea/loose stools at the higher dose. 
Sexual side effects were decreased interest and desire in sex. Could be attributed to just not having the energy to enjoy it. 
It did help with my OCD and lowered my anxiety but did not help my depression."
6932	9.0	"Cymbalta saved my sanity. I was under incredible work pressure and stress for three solid months (new job covering for one coworker on maternity leave another coworker having a sudden heart attack and Crohn's flare up. Me running the office for three months, even though I'd just been hired). I had a doctor's appointment and broke down on the table. He prescribed Celexa first, which gave me severe panic attacks. Then he switched me to Cymbalta, and I was back to normal within days. 

The downside: It is extremely hard to stop taking it. I was intended to take it only for the short term, until things calmed down at work. Two years later, I'm still on it because going off was WEIRD. Numbness, tingling, weird sensory inputs, distraction."
6933	8.0	I have been on Cymbalta for almost 5 years after a very difficult 4 years of PND/PSTD. Other medications got me to a point of about 50 percent improvement. This was far from ideal/adequate. Cymbalta worked for me like no other antidepressant. My anxiety reduced to the point where I can function at a pretty high level. I still have bouts of anxiety and occasional dark moods but they pass and even now are fewer and further between. I have tried to come off of it a few times but at 30mg the cogs begin to turn faster and I can feel my anxiety levels significantly increasing. I am concerned that my emotions are a bit blunted and like someone else said, I cannot cry, which I miss. I used to like a good, therapeutic cry. I also have no sex drive.
6934	8.0	"Have been on this medication for 4 yrs for Anxiety Disorder &amp; Fibromyalgia. Cymbalta has definitely helped with both conditions. Without it, I'd be in an almost constant state of Anxiety &amp; the Fibromyalgia flare-ups would be much worse. (Found this out when I reduced the dose from 60 mgs a day to 30mgs every other day, after hitting the expensive Medicare ""donut hole"" last year. That reduction also caused severe depression within a month and I've never been diagnosed with depression!). My side effects include some gastrointestinal problems &amp; 30 lb. weight gain, despite daily exercise/diet. (All SSRI's cause weight gain for me). Hate the extra weight gain, but it's better than having Anxiety/Fibromyalgia pain."
6935	9.0	"I was started on Cymbalta 30mg about 6 months ago. I was increasingly anxious and irritable and quick to start arguments. My presenting complaint was however tinnitus due to jaw clenching!
Cymbalta almost immediately calmed me down. I feel less guilt feelings about everything. I can walk away from arguments unless really pushed - and then just watch out! My spouse thinks I am better for it.
However I do feel rather fatigued and now find it difficult to exercise but once I start I have no problem.
I can focus and work with a less antagonistic attitudes. Sleep is better. Sex is better. No weight problem. I do drink very moderately with no problem. 
Missing doses is a major problem: headaches, dizziness, nightmares."
6936	10.0	"The only real way to see if medication works is to ask the people you live with. I've been on Cymbalta for over a month and have had no side effects. My family can testify that I am a so much more calmer and less reactive. In fact my 18 year old daughter happened to be with me when I went to the doctor and he asked how I was going. My daughter replied for me and told him, ""I don't know if it's all in her head, but she is amazing now. She used to be so irritable and grumpy. Now she's really nice.""  How's that for honesty? Like they say, ""Out of the mouth of babes!"" I really, really do feel happier and it's great knowing my family can see the difference. I remember saying to my doctor ""I'm not coping"", but I truly don't feel that way anymore."
6937	8.0	I have suffered from anxiety problems my whole life, but it was easily managed until I turned 23 (2.5 years ago) when it blew up and every month got much worse. In Dec 2012, I was diagnosed with severe generalized anxiety disorder, moderate panic disorder, and moderate agoraphobia. I also have Irritable Bowel Syndrome-D, and combined with anxiety, I always had to be near a bathroom - any time I left the house I had diarrhea. Couldn't go shopping alone, do drive throughs, etc. Started this and almost immediately felt a bit better, minimal side effects (insomnia/headache 1st 3 days, itchy armpits 1st week) and it has taken the edge off lots. Have done many things I couldn't. No weight gain so far, very happy. Only big anxiety triggers bother me a bit, and Imodium use decreased LOTS! No mental fog!
6938	9.0	I have been taking Cymbalta for 15 months now. First 30mg and then six months later up it to 60mgs/day. It was prescribed to me for clinical depression.  It works for the depression and I also noticed it has worked very well for anxiety also.  My MD and I have discussed that I probably have had this anxiety disorder for some time and curtailed with the depression, Cymbalta has done well for both.  Side effects are weight gain (5-10 lbs), and bad withdrawal effects if you miss a day or two - headaches.  Otherwise, the medication has worked very well and I feel like I can live my life again.
6939	8.0	I've been taking 120mg of Cymbalta for 6 months now &amp; have found the benefits to be: decreased anxiety; increased social confidence; and 10kg (22.2 pounds) weight loss!! The negatives have been: irregular insomnia; slightly manic personality when really comfortable in my social surroundings; dry mouth; mild occasional nausea &amp; that's about it. I'm under the watchful eye of a great Psychiatrist &amp; think Cymbalta is much better than Prozac &amp; Zoloft which I've been on for 5 years prior (at alternate times). Also, I strongly recommend reducing your alcohol intake - Cymbalta increases side effects &amp; makes you feel embarrassingly drunk &amp; tired much earlier than others. Good luck.
6940	10.0	I have been on Cymbalta for about 4 months now, and finally can say that it is worth going through some of the beginning side effects.  We must be careful though, to listen to our bodies first.  Side effects can be bothersome but should not be unbearable, so if this is your case with Cymbalta or any other medication, you must consult your physician.  When I first started Cymbalta, (which I did twice before finally staying on it) I could not sleep, had headaches, and could not even drink a cup of coffee without feeling as if I was hyper.  Eventually, things got better and I was able to stop the additional medication that was prescribed to help me sleep.  Switching Cymbalta to bedtime helped tremendously!  No pain and/or anxiety.
6941	10.0	Cymbalta changed my life. Initially, for the worst - I was vomiting and felt like I was dying for the first few days. Then gradually, the side effects lessened. The vomiting stopped after 2 days, the foggy head and ill stomach cleared after a week or 2. Then it changed my life for the better - to my shock and my doctor's amazement, the lowest dose (30mg) worked! No need to experience the side effects of moving to a higher dosage (thank goodness!). I was previously unable to socialise and frequently had a fight or flight response that was way over-reactive. Now, although not perfect, it's way more under control. I've used Cymbalta for almost a year. I would definitely recommend Cymbalta!
6942	1.0	On it for a month, became extremely depressed and had suicidal thoughts.
6943	10.0	I absolutely love Cymbalta; it's a miracle for me. My anxiety, depression, and spinal pain have all been reduced or gone away. I also lost weight and could eat anything I wanted. After 6 months, I switched to Celexa to save money. Big Mistake. I started gaining weight, and it didn't have much effect on anxiety or depression. I switched back to Cymbalta, and am happy again.
6944	1.0	I've been on Cymbalta for about 8 months now. I never had major side effects to begin with but the last 3 months I've been experiencing nightmares or crazy dreams, I'm tired a lot, I sweat at night, I feel as if I'm in one mood and the only major emotion I get is anger. It's hard to laugh at things that I used to and I can't cry anymore. Sometimes I just want to feel frustrated when I know I should, and sad, but I feel stuck and emotionless. I don't think Cymbalta has helped me. I think the only progress I've made with my anxiety, OCD, and depression has been on my own.
6945	10.0	I have been on Cymbalta 30mg for just under 2 weeks. After the first 3 days I started feeling a lot better. It was slightly scary actually to go from feeling like your world is imploding to feeling like you want to smell and see every flower on the planet. It happened so fast. Yes there were a lot of initial side effects from getting used to the medicine. I had the shakes, weird slowing down, odd feelings, nausea, etc. but I am doing very well on it. I went on diet again having gained 25kg from being in Lexapro and Seroquel for over a 18 months. But I now have a low dose of Seroquel every night and Cymbalta every morning and I am back to feeling great. 
6946	7.0	Was on Cymbalta for 2 years. Worked fabulous for anxiety and panic. Unfortunately I was diagnosed with Gastritis so me and my doctor felt it was best to switch to something else because this medicine has been found to cause stomach issues.
6947	9.0	I am a 23 year old girl and I have suffered from anxiety for as long as I can remember. I had tried so many different medicines from Paxil, Zoloft, Prozac and Celexa... nothing worked. I would get a little better but once again, I would suffer a horrible bout of anxiety attacks. The first day I started Cymbalta I felt a rush of calmness over me. I immediately felt at ease and not as ansy and nervous as I always was. I could finally relax and do everyday normal things without worrying about when I would suffer another attack and would ruin my day. I have not had an attack in about 3 months now and feel so great! I do not feel zoned out like I did on the other medicines. I am happy and confident and overall have a better sense of well being.
6948	9.0	I have been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder.  My doctor prescribed Cymbalta.  It cured my anxiety, but came at a price... it's an expensive medicine, and I hope that mediation and relaxation will help me get off of Cymbalta one day :) Short term, it has been extremely effective in my recovery of anxiety and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
6949	9.0	"I am a RN who suffers from severe social anxiety and moderate depression.  Symptoms associated with SAD have included inability to write in front of others, eat in public, public speaking.  Even drinking in front of others was difficult for me.  I hated the shaking, heart racing/pounding, and everything else that went along with this horrible affliction! I remember it all starting around 15 years old but never could understand why.  I'm 41 yrs old today and my anxieties have affected my life negatively and held me back in so many ways.  I never felt normal.  Many years and meds later, I came to believe my life would never change.  That I would never feel ""normal"" around people. Then I found Cymbalta..changed my life!"
6950	4.0	I have been taking this medication for a little over 6 years and was started off on the 60mg dosage. In the beginning it worked great. I'm now on 90mg sometimes 160mg of Cymbalta, and I feel anxious all the time and also extreme fatigue. 
6951	10.0	I've been on Cymbalta for 2 days and it is great.  My daily high anxiety is completely diminished.  I can make decisions without anxiety.  I am having trouble with sleepiness however, I know this will subside.  I got back on antidepressants because I've had a tough time dealing with moms death in May and currently going through divorce.
6952	8.0	I went from being extremely angry and so anxious I couldn't leave the house, to now being able to go out in public, socialize with others, and live life. I feel much happier, have more energy, and am MUCH more pleasant to be around.
6953	1.0	Cymbalta did nothing to lessen my anxiety.
6954	3.0	"I took Cymbalta for 4 days for anxiety, panic attacks and mild depression. I read many reviews and wondered whether I should stick with it despite the side effects, but in the end I just couldn't. 

I've been on Lexapro and Effexor before and I was expecting the same type of side effects: dry mouth, nausea, headaches. But this was a lot worse. 

I was sleeping ok before, and started having insomnia from Cymbalta. My heart was also racing, which for a panic attack sufferer, is the worst thing that can happen. I almost stopped eating, no appetite at all. I also started feeling really low, super anxious and depressed, and could only go through the day with the use of alprazolam. In the end I spoke to my doctor and I will now start on Pristiq"
6955	9.0	I love this medicine! My anxiety started off as mild and as years past slowly got worse. I went from having social anxiety to generalized anxiety and then major depression. It took me 7 years to find this medicine but once I found it I gained my life back. Still have a little anxiety but most is gone. This medicine was great for my major depression. Yes it does have some side effects but most will disappear with time and like most other users will vouch, the benefits far outweigh the side mild side effects. 
6956	9.0	"I've been taking Cymbalta for 2-3 months.  I had been taking 30 mg. a day, but my doctor told me I could try 60 mg.  a day, i.e. 30 mg. twice a day, and since I've been taking 60 mg., which is about a month ago, something weird has happened: I feel ecstatic all the time, and as though I've returned to my ""true"" self, i.e. ways I used to be, and liked, decades ago, but have been out of touch with for a long time. I'm much more productive and creative, and don't feel overwhelmed the way I used to."
6957	10.0	"Worked great on the anxiety. Was TERRIBLE for weight gain. I gained 30 lbs in 3 months and this was the only change to my routine. I was not eating more or differently. I was doing more because my arthritis hurt less. So, as far as I am concerned it was the Cymbalta.
So if feeling calmer and more able to handle stressful events is worth the extra weight, then this is a good pill.
For me, the extra 30 lbs was not OK, and it is a new experience for me. I have never had a weight gain problem before."
6958	9.0	Helped for several years but effect stopped recently and I had to switch
6959	4.0	This is my second week. I'm extremely tired, moody and emotional and constipated. My doctor took me off of Celexa. I'm not sure if I want to continue taking this since it seems as though I'm worse. I've experienced more anxiety and I'm a mess now. 
6960	3.0	"4 weeks on Cymbalta at 60mg. I came off because they made me feel ill, and I am used to medication as I have tried a few. I spent 3 years on a high dose of Citalopram and never went through anything like I have done with coming off Cymbalta. My GP decided to slowly taper me off and this is when hell started.  Never on any medication that I have taken have the withdrawals been as bad. I have constant nausea, have been sick, stomach aches and pains, diarrhea, dizziness, leg ache, restless sleep, bad dreams, chills, and now my anxiety is back!  I am crying on/off and having panic attacks. It's just awful.
"
6961	1.0	I can't sleep, I am talking to fast and my heart feels like its going to fly out of my chest at anytime. They were trying to slow it down and all they did was speed it up.
6962	4.0	When I started taking Cymbalta it took only a few days for it to kick in.  It worked great for my anxiety and depression, but did nothing for arthritis pain. The only side effect I had was extremely difficult urination.  I had to discontinue the medication.
6963	6.0	I have been treated with Lexapro, Zoloft, Pristiq, Klonopin and lamictal and none were effective. I have been taking Cymbalta for about one week now, and still don't feel any different. I wake up every day feeling 100% anxious and find it extremely hard to get out of bed. It has been this severe for about two months now where I feel totally incapable of living. Doctor said to stay on Cymbalta and see if it changes anything. Feeling hopeful!
6964	10.0	Never thought I would have my life back. I can think clearer, my mind isn't racing as often, and I'm not agoraphobic. I used to have a severe phobia of driving and now I can get behind the wheel and even look forward to driving! I have tried everything, Prozac, Wellbutrin, Paxil, Zoloft, and none of them have worked for me. I have lost 9 pounds and counting, because I'm not eating out of depression and anxiety and I'm able to think about myself in a healthy light. I was prescribed Klonopin for severe attacks and found after 4 weeks of Cymbalta find no need for them. I am so grateful for this medicine!
6965	9.0	This medication did amazing things for me after being diagnosed with an anxiety disorder.  I suffered panic attacks, inability to control my emotions, crying to bouts of anger along with other symptoms.  Within 2 weeks there was a huge change. I am now laughing and joking again, I have no mood swings, no more crying, I have no anger issues now, just incredible.  I did suffer side effects for the first 17 days and was very nauseous. First few days are the worst and then it eases off, some minor headaches, a small amount of fever, a little more sweating, some dizziness, but overall it was worth it.  Back to a happy go lucky girl.
6966	10.0	I have been on Cymbalta for 6 years. It was a life saver for me as I was unable to take the SSRIs due to retinal detachment, and the older type of medicines did little for me. During the first 2 weeks of Cymbalta, nausea was the most common side effect but that only lasted for approx 3-4 weeks. This medicine gave me my life back after suffering for years from fear and anxiety. Thanks Eli Lilly.
6967	1.0	This didn't agree with my body at all.  After only 2 or 3 days I was convulsing, vomiting, diarrhea and was very lethargic.  I was on a very low dosage. (10 mg)
6968	10.0	I was having panic attacks so bad I would have to pull off the road while driving. My husband was waiting on a double lung transplant when these attacks started. After the transplant the care giving made these attacks become worse. I couldn't breathe, I wanted to cover up under something and not come out. My doctor gave me Lexapro and one dose made me worse. He ask me to try Cymbalta and after one dose I became immediately better. I've been on Cymbalta for 4 years, and would hate to go back to the times when I had those attacks. It obviously was the medicine I needed.
6969	9.0	I wouldn't go as far to say Cymbalta has given me my life back but I will say it improved my quality of life immensely and has kept working.  I have moderate to severe generalized anxiety disorder and I felt like I was living a nightmare - highly uncomfortable and muscle tension so bad I could barely breath at times, constant worry and stress. I have been off and on Lexapro for this very reason because I hated the stigma. Lexapro helped but the sexual side effects were horrible and I felt emotionless.  A Nurse practitioner suggested Cymbalta. I stuck with low dose 30 mg every morning and what a difference. I can breath easier, sex is better (still not back to where it was before antidepressants) but the debilitating anxiety is mostly gone.
6970	10.0	I started take this at 30mg a week ago. I have been on so many different medicines none of them work but after only a couple of days I was feeling much better. I drove my car for an hour last night for the first time. 2 years ago I got electrocuted on 440 and I started getting the worse panic attacks. I could not get out of bed most days. I have been on every medicine they make for this. None of them worked but in a week on Cymbalta I feel like I'm almost my old self again. I just turned 25 and I have a 2year old son. So thank you Cymbalta. The only side effect is I can not sleep at all. Maybe an hour here or there but I have not been tired.
6971	6.0	I was on Cymbalta for up to just under two weeks ago. At one point, I was on 90mg for a short period of time. Last December, I dropped it. Only because it, meaning Cymbalta, left me mostly feeling fatigued. The anxiety came back and last month, April/2011 restarted it again back on 60mg. Everything was going fairly well, then I experienced a rash on my forehead, itching. My throat felt as if it was closing up on me. Stopped it cold turkey and went through a roller coaster of mostly aggressive moods. It was an allergic/adverse reaction.
6972	4.0	I am taking 60 mg of Cymbalta for anxiety and depression.  Previously I had been on Lexapro (which gave me nightmares) and Paxil, which worked for a time but sent me into a relapse when I was weaned off of it.  I have noticed a few side effects - the most predominant one is that it makes me very tired.  I don't have much of an appetite, but when I do, I crave sweets and have put on a few pounds as a result.  Very little sex drive, though it was low to begin with.  Although the medication has helped to keep my anxiety at a manageable level, my general mood has been very blank - I feel very little in the way of happiness or sadness.  My doctor has suggested either switching to a higher dose (120 mg) of Cymbalta, or changing to Zoloft or Paxil.
6973	10.0	Cymbalta has changed my life. I suffer from anxiety and trichotillomania which is an obsessive hair pulling disorder which stems from the anxiety. I've tried many different medications such as Prozac and Zoloft etc. I had bad luck with those. The first two weeks on Cymbalta was rough. I was very very dizzy, felt sick and did not want to eat. I was very tired and would sweat. I started to take the medication at night because the dizziness was too much. After a week they upped the dosage and it got a little better. Three weeks I felt relieved and by week five, I felt amazing. I feel like a normal person, my mind is clear, I'm not anxious and I stopped pulling my hair. The side effects went away except for being slightly tired.
6974	7.0	Cymbalta works for me, I have symptoms of PTSD and have tried other medications for my anxiety such as: PAXIL, CELEXA, and PROZAC with no good results. So far so good with Cymbalta with minimal sexual side effects for me. Psychotherapy and Physical Fitness is recommended if you use this medication.
6975	1.0	My Dr. prescribed me 60 MG Cymbalta 2 weeks ago to take everyday along with a 25MG Antihistamine for anxiety. Honestly, there seems to be more good than bad reviews so I'm guessing I'm a part of the small percent chance that it will have bad or little to no effect. The only thing Cymbalta does for me is make me exaggerate a smile. I still feel exactly the same and my anxiety is still there. The Antihistamine mainly takes care of the physical effects of anxiety but mentally I'm still suffering. Try it if you need to, I say it's worth a shot.
6976	5.0	I have been on Cymbalta for about four months. My doctor switched me from Zoloft to Cymbalta after I continued to experience panic attacks. Fortunately, Cymbalta worked great! My panic attacks went away and my mood swings seemed to calm down. But, about a month ago I decided that I wanted to come off of Cymbalta because my husband and I are trying to get pregnant. That's when things went down hill. Instead of tapering off of the medicine (which is not what my doctor said I would have to do) I just stopped cold turkey. I began to experience severe headaches, insomnia, nausea, tingling in my hands and face, I also began to hallucinate and the worst part has been the brain zaps.
6977	1.0	Been on this medicine for almost 2 years. Went to max dose of 60mg. Did NOTHING for my depression, anxiety, back pain, or Fibromyalgia. Completely useless medication. And whats worse? You got it- WITHDRAWAL. I have been to the ER 4 times now since withdrawing from 60mg down to 30mg, so I am only half way weened off as of now. Extreme vertigo, nausea, dizziness, brain zaps, edge of panic all day into night. Worst experience I have every had after trying different anti-depressants for the last 7 years. Gave this medicine the last chance. After I get off it, may take me a year or more to ween the rest of the way down.
6978	9.0	I have been on Cymbalta for almost 4 years now and it has been a lifesaver for me.  The first few weeks I had some loose stools, but that subsided.  The only problem I have with it now is keeping weight off.  I have trouble loosing weight and I think it is due to the Cymbalta.  I eat a well balanced diet and exercise.  However, due to the numerous medicines I had tried before that failed me for anxiety and depression, I will keep taking the Cymbalta.  I'd rather be fat then feel the way I felt before.
6979	8.0	"I've been taking Cymbalta (60mg) for around 6 months now and it seems to be really helping me with my anxiety and depression. I don't panic over little things anymore which is great and my friends and family have really seen an improvement in my mood. Decreased my appetite and emotional eating and I've lost 17 kilos (37 pounds).

Negative (but bearable) side effects would be moderate fatigue, the occasional headache if I take my dose late, weird dreams every night, twitching, dizziness when I stand up. The worst thing I've noticed is memory problems, I sometimes can't remember simple words and get a little confused."
6980	10.0	My issue is anxiety.  I have tried Effexor, Lexapro, Prozac, and finally Cymbalta.  Last month, I told my doctor I was done with these medications.  I was willing to live with the anxiety because the uncontrollable weight gain was making me depressed.  He listened and prescribed a very low dose of Cymbalta.   Thank you so MUCH.  I feel so much better.  I am finally able to lose weight without trying.  Before, I could not convince myself to even diet for one day. It was impossible. Never an issue prior and now thankfully I have control over my eating.  I was always ambivalent about everything.  Now things impact me within reason.  I don't obsess but I still care.
6981	5.0	"I have been on Cymbalta for about 3 months for anxiety. Started at 30mgs for the first two weeks then up to 60. My doctor also prescribed me Lorazepam for the occasional ""melt down"". Before Cymbalta I was anxious about everything, whether it made sense or not. Had ""melt downs"" at least three times a week. I have noticed a huge change, my family has as well. I feel like myself, not afraid or anxious.
But I missed two doses (just two) and am now experiencing some not so fun withdrawal symptoms. I'm extremely nauseous, dizzy, brain feels muddled and I'm feeling a bit depressed/emotional. Now, I seem to be questioning this ""miracle drug"" and think I may need to find another way to deal with my anxiety issues."
6982	1.0	"Prescribed via a Psychiatrist for severe Panic attacks for 2 years.
If I take dosage late or forget to take it the withdrawal symptoms kick in.  
Gnawing physical pain, breathlessness, disorientation to time, difficulties in word finding while speaking, severe muscle pain and stiffness, nausea, labile emotions and panic.

"
6983	8.0	I have been off and on Cymbalta for over a year now. During a really stressful time in my life I was started on Zoloft and then Klonopin. The Zoloft gave me restless legs and Klonopin made me severely depressed. After a period of nothing my Doctor suggested Cymbalta. After just a few days things got so much better. I relaxed and was able to eat and sleep normally again. The side effects were very minimal and lasted less than a week. After hearing horror stories of stopping Zoloft. I quit by counting the granules and tapering down over a couple of months. It worked fine for me. I usually try to take it around noon with lunch for the best sleep at night.
6984	1.0	I have been on Cymbalta (30mg) for a three week trial for treating my anxiety, depression and fibromyalgia. Thought it sounded like a miracle pill since I'm only 21 years old, but this has caused everything from headaches to stomach pain to diarrhea. I figured I could live with that and let it run its course but things got worse. I noticed my anxiety attacks got much worse and became more frequent, had to go the ER last night because my hands, feet, tongue, ears, face went numb and swelled. Now I'm on steroids and Benadryl to bring it down. 
6985	1.0	Did not work for me. Was having some side effects from Zoloft, so I went to my MD to change things around a bit.  Zoloft was the only thing I had ever been on, but the tiredness and no libido was getting in the way of my children and marriage.  My doctor put me on Cymbalta and at first I thought that I was really going to like it. I felt more energetic and definitely more patient with my husband and children. BUT then I started getting anxious off and on, which gradually got worse until I couldn't stand it any more.  Now I'm trying a different SNRI, Pristiq.  Time will tell, but Cymbalta was definitely not for me.
6986	9.0	"Being 32 and having cancer four times, I realized that I had a serious anxiety disorder. I did not believe in a ""pill"" but eventually, I realized that something had to change. I tried Welbutrin for a while, which made me feel bipolar and then I switched to Lexapro for several years. The problem with Lexapro was that I didn't feel anything good or bad. I know that you might think that's a blessing, but it's truly not. After gaining over 20 pounds, my doctor suggested that I switch to Cymbalta, which I was very nervous about, but I knew something had to change. I have been on Cymbalta for 3 months now and it is working. I think the worst part is the constipation! I also have broken out in several rashes on my face while ""drinking."""
6987	9.0	I have been taking this medicine for 1.5 years, and it has been a life changer. I have generalized anxiety and fibromyalgia, both of which affected my daily life. I began noticing mood changes immediately, and the pain subsided within a month or so. I am myself again, relaxed, level headed, and able to cope with everyday stress. The only side effect I have experienced was extreme night sweats. This has subsided, as most of Cymbalta's side effects do. I ask if you are questioning whether or not to stay on the Cymbalta or to wait it out, because the side effects fade and the positive effects increase.
6988	8.0	I've been on Cymbalta for about 13 months but after reading many of the posts, I'm thinking I should add this little self-evaluation.  I was diagnosed with autism, dyslexia and hyper-activity in the mid-1960's when research was still in its infancy. Anxiety was a continuous battle and after failing the 4th grade, all I remember was being in a fog. Cymbalta has cut through the anxiety even though the autism and dyslexia are hard-wired as part of my disorder.  I was recently pushed to 60 mg with improvement from my 30 mg dose.  As part of anxiety, you can feel the adrenaline flowing through you at the slightest distraction or obstacle, but Cymbalta has done miracles to cut the amount of adrenaline released.  Coffee puts me to sleep.
6989	9.0	I have been taking Cymbalta for about 10 months now.  At first the side effects were difficult because I felt nauseous, dizzy, had brain zaps, constipation, and my dreams were crazy.  Luckily I did not quit within the first 2 weeks and the side effects mostly subsided.  Cymbalta has really helped with my anxiety and depression.  I was on 30mg then 60mg.  The first couple months were the best with no anxiety at all but slowly it started to come back. My dose has just been raised to 90mg and am also on Wellbutrin.  Not perfect and I don't want to keep raising the dose but Cymbalta has really improved my daily life and relationships with others.
6990	2.0	I was prescribed this medicine after failed attempts on Effexor, Lexapro, Zoloft and Pristq.  I've been trying different medicines and have been having panic attacks ever since I can remember, even when I was a child in school, after my son was born it got WORSE. I am currently taking Xanax, two 0.5mgs a day and clonazepam two 1mg's a day and also a Beta Blocker for fast heart rate. I've been on the Beta Blocker for 6 years. I have been taking Xanax and clonazepam for 3 years. They do not help my anxiety 100%. I still get attacks, but not full blown panic attacks like I used to. I took my first Cymbalta last night. I'm supposed to take 20mg in the morning and another 20mg at night. No side effects yet! I'm hoping this will be the pill that works for me!
6991	10.0	This medicine has been truly life changing. My anxiety and depression were severe, and no other medicine had shown promising results. After about 3 months on this medicine (Only 30mg) I had remarkable results.
6992	9.0	I am an 18 year old male. I started Cymbalta 3 weeks ago for Generalized Anxiety. My anxiety got to a point where I couldn't even sit down and watch T.V or surf the internet without getting stressed. My stress started to control me. It was controlling simple decisions, it controlled what I did! I started to avoid everything that would possibly stress me out. It became a viscous cycle. Even things like simply playing my guitar or attending my college classes was becoming difficult to do without getting anxious. NOW after taking Cymbalta I feel like I have the opportunity to be myself again, and without worrying about getting anxious or stressed! Now I control my anxiety, instead of it controlling me! Only side effect is delayed orgasm.
6993	9.0	Cymbalta is the best med I have ever taken for my panic attacks and depression.  It has fixed my mood and is very tolerable.
6994	10.0	This medication is excellent for anxiety ,depression, bipolar type 2 disorder and also helps with any pain that the patient my be suffering from from pain from depression and/or chronic pain. However this medication will not cure your pain if it's chronic, but it will alleviate it a lot and you wont have to take so much prescription pain killers. I'm speaking from personal experience and from the experiences of others. The only problem is that this medication is very expensive especially if you don't have prescription drug insurance and there's no generic for this yet.
6995	3.0	I have been on Cymbalta for one month for relentless anxiety and depression, after trying Paxil, Wellbutrin, Prozac and many others I can not even remember the names of. There has been a loss of appetite for a few weeks but it has mostly gone away. It caused panic in the beginning but Ativan helped a little with that. After a week I felt really good(20 mg) and have been up and down ever since. It has helped a lot but so far it is not the answer. 
6996	8.0	"DON""T take with Paxil."
6997	5.0	I took this drug for a couple years. At first I was very tired all the time but that passed. It did help with the anxiety for the first 6 months or so but I always had the brain zaps everyone talks about. They were very frustrating and after the 6 months it was not effective. I didn't like the way I felt and quit taking it.
6998	9.0	I am 42 and began taking Cymbalta 4 weeks ago. I started with 30mg for 2 weeks, and am currently taking 60mg a day. I began taking this drug due to the advice of my doctor after approaching him about my uncontrolable anger issues that have plagued me my entire adult life. I have to say that it has been a lifesaver. I have never gone 1 week, never mind 4 weeks without an anger outburst or stress related outburst. My family is happier..I am happier...I have never felt this great...only side effects are some dry mouth at night and occasional tiredness during the day...an easy trade off for a drug that has given me my life back!!!
6999	5.0	"My Doctor diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and put me on Cymbalta.  The first couple of weeks were a little rough with the nausea, but nothing unbearable.  I did lose a bit of weight too.  It did help with my anxiety and depression a lot.  I was on 60mg.  Now 2 years later I was in a different place in my life, did not want to be dependent on a pill, so started weaning off.  Went from 60mg to 30mg.  Then taking it every other day.... then down to 20mg.  Now is the hard part.  Dr told me from there just quit taking it - yah right.  All the blogs you read about the ""brain zaps"" are so true. "
7000	8.0	"First couple of weeks where quite bad with nausea, yawning, panic attacks but then quite suddenly I was able to leave my house go for walks without anxiety, all was good for about 4-5 months(on 60 mg), then anxiety came back, now I'm on 90mg and it's better yet again.

i got severe backpains, and was given tramadol....not a good idea, i had some intestinal bleeding and severe mood swings, vicodin seems fine, so does codein taken with tylanol"
7001	5.0	I have only been on Cymbalta for 2 weeks, this is the end of my first week on 60 mg.  I am feeling much better but still have some low energy issues and anxiety and jitteriness upon waking.  I am hoping these will subside and I will start feeling like the person I used to be.
7002	9.0	This medicine was the 1st thing in YEARS that made me feel like myself again. It started working within a few days. The panic attacks subsided almost immediately and the depression lifted. The side effects I experienced (although annoying) were nothing compared to the benefits it gave me. The 1st 2 weeks I was nauseous and tired, felt out of it but my head was clearer and thoughts focused after that. I did lose like 20 pounds, it stopped my emotional eating. The worst part was the night sweats I had for about 2 months or so. I was on it for about 5 months but had to wean off due to lack of insurance. Coming off was terrible though... total withdrawal, brain zaps, confusion etc. I'll get back on it as soon as I can because I know it did wonders.
7003	1.0	I was prescribed this for mild anxiety after I was in a car accident and the headaches I got as a result. I took ONE 20 mg at night and woke up four hours later with the most horrible panic attack (that's what the doctor said). I've never had that happen in my life. My heart was racing and pounding, I would get hot then cold and back again, I was shaking so bad I could hardly type. I wanted to cry but couldn't, scream or something. I felt like all of a sudden I had a different personality. My heart raced for 4 days after that. I never took another after that first one. I've been having heart pounding sensations for days in the last three weeks since taking the Cymbalta. 
7004	9.0	I started this pill 3 weeks ago and it is really working for me. I am much happier and my attacks are gone. The first night I had terrible pains in my stomach but after that night no more problems. I am on 60mgs and the only negative thing I have noticed about it is that if I forget to take it I get a really bad headache in the morning and feel hung over. Overall I love it.
7005	6.0	"I took Cymbalta for 7 weeks for post-partum anxiety/depression. After the initial week of feeling nausea and fatigue, I started to feel better. I stayed on 30 mg, but found after 5 weeks I was having vivid, disturbing dreams, insomnia, sweating, and the anxiety came back. 
I started tapering off, and even at the low dose the withdrawls are quite uncomfortable - after tapering and stopping the drug I still get a buzz/pulse/shock like sensation in my head almost constantly after a week. Great if it helps, but hard to get off!"
7006	10.0	I suffer from medical anxiety.  I first tried Paxil - itched like crazy.  Then lexapro - shook all the time.  Cymbalta has changed my life.  I feel so much better now, and almost back to 'normal' after 5 weeks on the medication.  I have a little insomnia, and have lost a few pounds, but other than that I feel like I'm 30 again, instead of 50!
7007	10.0	Cymbalta (and lots of prayers) saved my marriage.  I'm so thankful that my husband is taking it.
7008	9.0	After years of knowing something was wrong, I went to the doctor and he prescribed Cymbalta. I have been on it for 6 months.  I love it!  I will be married a year in October and my husband and I were already talking divorce until I started Cymbalta.  I did have VERY violent and 'goury' dreams when I took it right before bed.  Now I take it in the morning, my dreams are back to normal.  I am currently taking 60mg, but am going to request to take a lower dosage as I am now starting to experience headaches and nausea.  I feel like I am finally the person I always knew I was and not the bitter, angry, weepy person other people saw.
7009	8.0	"I was on Wellbutrin, Prozac and Zoloft (trying each per my doctors orders, waiting about 6 weeks, repeat with next) for anxiety.  I stopped even trying ""instant"" anti-anxiety drugs (Xanax, Valium) years ago because they ""zombified"" me too much.

Cymbalta is AMAZING.  After about 2 weeks the side effects disappeared entirely.  I can concentrate better, I sleep VERY soundly, and no panic attacks!

For those having insomnia issues... some people here say take it at night.  I had exactly the OPPOSITE experience.  Taking Cymbalta at night/dinner time would make sleep nearly impossible/restless.  Taking it first thing in the morning I get a little tired in the afternoon, but nothing a latte won't fix.  I sleep like a BABY now;  which I haven't done ever."
7010	8.0	For those of you experiencing fatigue, it would make sense to take Cymbalta at night. This is how I have dealt with fatigue with many medications and was also the advice of my doctor. ALSO, for those with side effects that are bothersome, I was advised to give it more than a week because they usually dissipate. Don't stop taking it after only a few days!
7011	7.0	I've been taking this medication for 3 weeks. First week I was on 30 mg, I felt almost immediate relief from my anxiety/depression. The first six days I experienced fatigue and slept 12  hours a day. By 7th day I was sleeping less and feeling more emotionally balanced. Second week, my dosage was increased to 60 mg and the same thing happened. I slept 12  for about 6 days and by the 7th day I felt good and was sleeping normally. I do have some clenching of my jaw and dry mouth, but a glass of water seems to help. I take my medication at the same time every morning after eating and drink lots of water throughout the day. I'm not taking any other drugs.  I've found great relief with Cymbalta. My husband is thrilled with the calmer, happier me. Me too!
7012	9.0	Previously was on Prozac for anxiety and while that worked really really well for 2  years, it sort of stopped working, and nothing helped again until I got on Cymbalta and 1 small dose of clonezapam at night. Now, I'm virtually anxiety free, with just a rare panic attack here and there, treated with other medicines. Cymbalta keeps me pretty even. I'm on the 60mg once daily.
7013	1.0	I've been taking Cymbalta for ten weeks (60mg) per day. If this is as good as it gets, I'd hate to see what it's like without it. I can't tell or feel any effects at all. Not even side effects. 
7014	3.0	I was on Cymbalta for 5 days. It helped my anxiety, but I couldn't handle the side effects: nausea, extreme sleepiness and yawning for the better part of the day, feeling zombie-like, chills, clenching my jaw, headache. I stopped taking it after 5 days, and the withdrawal was terrible. I felt like I'd been hit my a truck: terrible headache and clenching of jaw. And I'd only been on 30 mg for 5 days. Even if I could have tolerated the side effects, I would have been worried about the withdrawal.
7015	9.0	I have been taking Cymbalta for two months. It works great for my anxiety and chronic pain. I feel great, like a new person. The only side effect for me is insomnia. I will be checking back with Doctor on that.
7016	1.0	Many side effects.  I have been trying to ween off this medication for over a month and have been unsuccessful.  I received no benefits from this medication.
7017	3.0	Made me feel better mentally, but the severe diahrrea would not go away.  So, I had to quit.
7018	9.0	I was prescribed Cymbalta over a year ago, after a crippling anxiety attack and I will have to say, it's helped me quite a bit. I was skeptical on taking it, because I had no positive outcomes with Wellbutrin or Zoloft, but this drug helped me with amazing results. The only thing I've found (probably like with any other drug of this type) is that you NEED to take it on a scheduled basis. I have forgotten to take it or not been able to take it until 6 to 8 hours past my regular time and have to spend a few days readjusting to it. The only reason I gave Cymbalta a 9 instead of ten is for that reason and that weaning off this medicine may prove to be difficult.
7019	1.0	This has caused multiple sexual side effects, urinary retention, almost constant hot flashes and sleep problems. It did nothing for my anxiety. There were no benefits to me from this drug.
7020	10.0	Anxiety disorder and panic attacks run in my family.  I have loved this drug - I am a happy, calm, relaxed me.    I am so glad I have this tool to improve my life!
7021	9.0	Weight loss, more energy, much less anxiety and stress, no mood swings. I do feel shaky in the morning and at night and don't sleep quite as soundly.
7022	9.0	I have just started taking the medication and have noticed a considerable change in my mood.  I am not jumpy anymore. The only thing that I don't like about it is the bad taste I get in my mouth and some insomnia.
7023	10.0	Cymbalta is a god send for me and all those people out there who suffer from depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder, diabetic nerve damage, fibromyalgia, pain or what ever else it is used for. I myself have s. A. D [social anxiety disorder] and at times depression. I was taking zoloft and I still felt the anxiety so my doctor prescribed cymbalta and it took about a week 2 actually kick in and when it did I felt it and loved it and would recommend this medication to those who are trying to find a way to help them live there life with ease. It's not a cure but it is very helpful as long as you take it when you are supposed to. Cymbalta is the best. Thanks.
7024	6.0	I took Cymbalta for 3 months and it worked great. Then over time it didn't work as well and I quit. I hit rock bottom.
7025	9.0	I am bi-polar and take Abilify and Deplin for that and the Cymbalta for anxiety. It works very well for anxiety - I'm really happy with it.
7026	9.0	Have been on cymbalta for a little over 3 months. It has changed my life for the better. My anxiety had gotten to the point that I was hiding in the restroom at work during episodes almost everyday. I am able to communicate what I am thinking more clearly. I don't break out in a sweat if something isn't going the way I think it should. I feel like myself before the panic/anxiety attacks started several years ago. I was dieting when I started taking cymbalta and lost more weight than I had been averaging. Didn't have as much appetite as usual, which wasn't a bad thing. The irritability is gone and I am a lot more pleasant to be around. I am me again.
7027	9.0	I've been taking Cymbalta for anxiety and dysthymia for 3 months.  It is the best medication I have tried in 10 years of treatment.  No weight gain, not as lethargic, and my attitude has been much better towards life in general.  Right now I am on 60mg a day.  I'm not sure if I can go up from here but even if I don't, the way I feel now is better than anything else I have tried including prozac, lexapro, welbutrin and several others. I do have some dry mouth and sweating but it is tolerable.
7028	8.0	I was on Cymbalta for two years.  I had no side effects and it worked really well for my anxiety.  I had no sexual side effects which was great.  I decided to go off of it thinking that I didn't need it anymore.  I thought that I tapered it by taking 20mg for a month.  Once I started taking 20mg every other day it was like experiencing the withdrawal symptoms over again each time.  I finally just stopped taking it and had awful withdrawal symptoms.- more monitoring would have helped.
7029	10.0	I haven't felt this good since childhood. So thankful they make this drug to help with my chronic anxiety. My entire outlook has changed, as well as my concentration.
7030	10.0	I have been on this medication for 1.5yrs &amp; it has been GREAT! Was on Paxil for 3 yrs prior to switching to Cymbalta. It worked in about 3 days and i havent had any abnormal feelings of anxiety since I started this med. I haven't had any side effects from taking it. I had experienced some weight gain from Paxil, but none on Cymbalta. The only thing is that if you miss a dose, your terrible headache will remind u that u forgot to take it! Other than that, it's been great.
7031	6.0	"I am taking mirtazapine 15mg for acute anxiety since February.  I was on  Citalopram  before that but got insomnia, then  I went on sertraline but side effects were worse and I got more anxiety. So along came Mirtazepine, first I thought it was a wonderful meditation I slept like a log  and worry free for 6 weeks. 
But anxiety returned so my dose was upped to 30mg. Plus 40mg propranolol 3 times a day. I couldn’t sleep and things seemed a whole lot worse.  So then I was upped to 45mg I was simply not able to  “ do life “ so yesterday after 60 hours without sleep I was told to go back to just 15mg Mirtazepine and was given 14  Zopiclone and told to take 1 at night to get my sleep back in check. 
I am so confused, for 6 weeks I was brilliant no symptoms sleeping and eating now I don’t know what to think? 
Had anyone else experiencing similar, don’t really want to try yet another anti anxiety medication. 
Thanks Mini"
7032	9.0	Was previously on citalopram which hindered my sleep messed with digestion and made me gain weight on also found sleeping a problem. Was initially scared of trying mirtazepine because heard of weight gain so doctor put me on low dose. Started falling asleep easier metabolism speeded up and now losing the weight I put on with citalopram. Up to now I'm finding mirtazapine brilliant
7033	7.0	I have been on Mirtazapine for about 18 months now, went down from 15mg to 7.50mg mg per night. But the past few days I have had to deal with an issue which has caused my anxiety to kick in again.  I'm wondering if I should go back to 15mg or try to ride out the storm?
7034	9.0	Been on this medication for years. Consistently it is able to knock me out (had insomnia my whole life) even though it's years down the road, amazing for anxiety. Not 100 percent free of anxiety but unlike lexapro I still have my sex drive.
7035	10.0	Been on his antidepressant for over 15 years, very good antidepressant, I started off on the highest dose what is 45mg per day, it dose help with anxiety and depression vey well.  It is best to take it at night although I’ve now switched from night to morning as I feel this helps relax me throughout the day. Chances are you will gain weight but that’s a small price to pay for some happiness.
7036	8.0	Started Mirtazipine 2 1/2 weeks ago. First morning was very out of it and was craving potato chips. But my anxiety was gone. It even helped my depression. My sleep was choppy though. For ten days I felt so great but was fighting serious appetite increase. Managed to lose 2 lbs due to diet and exercise. Then it started to stop working so well. I’m hoping an increase from 15mg to 30mg will help but usually when I’m on a med and it stops working like this, it’s basically over. Not happy as I felt free of anxiety. Would have given it a higher rating but this constant craving for anything edible is unbearable at times.
7037	10.0	I was put on Mirtapizine 6 days ago. Had been on Zoloft for three weeks for anxiety. Horrible side effects. Lost 12 lbs, wasn't sleeping and felt darkly depressed. Stopped it and 5 days later took 7.5mg of Mirtapizine. Slept like a dead person. Groggy the next day but no anxiety. Now 6 days later  the groggy feeling is gone and Im having increased anxiety in the afternoon and evenings so I'm thinking I need to increase to 15mg. I'll talk to my doc tomorrow. Also, don't know if its my anxiety or the med, I'm feeling jittery afternoons and evenings. I have gain back some weight as well.
7038	9.0	I have been on this medication twice now over a period of 3-4 years. It literally changed my life for the better. I suffer from severe anxiety and have found that since I went back on it I feel better than I have in 20 years or more. I am able to interact, work, socialize and even go on vacation. I will NEVER go off of this medication again because without it my quality of life suffers. Be patient and make sure to take it at night and you will be able to get to sleep and stay asleep. Ensure that the dosage is enough as I was gradually getting a larger dose until I finally felt good. There is weight gain but it’s a small price to pay to get your life back and BETTER than it ever was.
7039	10.0	"Was prescribed this at the end of 2017 due to worsening depression and anxiety, along with ""all nighters"" and severe mood drops. Doc put me on 30mg and I can explain personally what it done for me. I'm currently not on them due to me being a bit of a weirdo (Hypochondriac) and thinking of going back on them.
1st few days on them: Tired, groggy feeling, but I was VERY relaxed.
1 week: Settled down with grogginess, felt very chilled, but this is why I've quit them temporarily.
2-3rd week: Sleeping fine, but was feeling very, numb. Like I just didn't feel much emotion whatsoever which made me feel a bit anxious and uneasy, (even though these tablets are supposed to stop that)
I did not suffer with any weight gain issues, was hungry a lot but I have a fast metabolism, and no sexual drive decreases I think the only thing I really suffered with was loss of affection, love etc, which kinda bums me out."
7040	8.0	Hi been on mitazapine,week four 27mg , still wake up with anxiety and needing loo all the time.  I can still feel myself shaking still.  I may need to up the dose tonight ,
7041	6.0	"After a horrendous experience on sertraline (manic and self harm), my GP has switched me to Mirtazapine
2 weeks in on 15mg.
No huge change in anxiety / mood etc.
I fall asleep within 5-10mins of taking it. Unfortunately I have started getting dizziness and vomiting. I hope this passes as I have been in bed all weekend with it.
No appetite increase or weight gain, thank goodness.
Increase in libido which is interesting (my bf is not complaining!).
Got a Dr appointment this week...will be interesting to see if she wants to up my dose and, if so, how that goes for me."
7042	9.0	Been on this drug for about two months. Every other drug made me worse.. Mirtazapine has helped heaps. Put on a couple of pounds but I'm relaxed and happy. My friends noticed the difference. Works fast also.
7043	8.0	First week: drowsiness and hunger, ate loads craving food. The drowsiness made the days difficult to go through, I started my course of meds 2 days before the weekend and those two days of work were difficult. Everything did settled down,  I only got drowsy before bed and small increase in appetite than usual. 2-3 weeks: slight increased suicidal thoughts and more depressive mood, although my doctor had discussed this with me it wasn't fun. After a few months everything did get better with my overthinking and my anxiety. Worrying all reduced, I feel safer going outside, it's made life better. I've been on meds for almost a year now, my dosage has gone all the way up to and I'm on my way back down currently, I've personally coupled this with CBT therapy. Withdrawal affects for me have been as bad as not sleeping due to accidentally missing doses. Overall I'd say being persistent with meds for months or years will be good, I'd like to think I'm not ashamed of being on meds and I know I will get better now.
7044	8.0	I’m on week 2 of mirtazapine and have gone from 15mg in the first week to 30mg in the second. I was prescribed it for anxiety and low mood. I’ve found that it had definitely started to help as I don’t feel utter terror on waking in the morning. My sleep is very disturbed and I wake up a lot but I do feel refreshed in the morning. I know it’s early days but I hope that the glimmer of light that I can see at the end of the tunnel gets bigger as the days go on. How long have other people found it takes to feel ok and function again properly? Thanks 
7045	10.0	After suffering what could only be classed as a “mental breakdown” from anxiety and depression. I was put on citalapram (horrendous) and then Sertraline (which left me suicidal) and finally a doctor prescribed me mirtazapine. For the first 5-7days I felt sedated but that could have been because of the comedown from the worst bout of anxiety I’d ever experienced. I immediately felt better, I slept properly for the first time in months and my anxiety immediately reduced. I was on 15mg for over a year, now reduced to 7.5mg (no withdrawal). This medication literally saved my life and I’ll continue to take it long term. Only side affect (aside from the initial sedation) I had was slight weight gain. I went from 52kg to 55kg.
7046	8.0	"I have been on this for 2 weeks now. Prescribed by my Dr after being given Lorazepam but having no luck. I am still having panic attacks daily, but I am finding I am able to calm myself down a little easier most of the time. I also suffer from Depression and Insomnia so these help with those. 
I have been feeling very foggy and sluggish the next day though and this has been making it hard for me to function at work. After reading these reviews though I am wondering why my Dr has given me 30mg straight away. I will definitely update this the longer I am on it"
7047	10.0	I have been taking 30mg of mirtazapine for just over 2 years now I used to have chronic panic attacks everyday I couldn’t sleep at night, I was losing  weight due to anxiety I started this and I have never felt more calm and relaxed I take it at night time get the munchies and go into a food comer sleep all night. I still suffer for them from time to time but not as bad as I used to. Everybody is different I guess, but definitely worked for me ;)
7048	10.0	"Very early days and never usually write reviews but thought I'd share my experience for anyone who is scared of taking their first dose. 

I took my first dose last night and was asleep within in an hour. I've woken up this morning after 10 hours sleep and whilst I feel slightly groggy my usual morning anxiety has completely vanished.   I'm hoping the grogginess will subside as I continue to take them.   (I've previously tried Setraline and Fluoexetine and both made my anxiety unbearable)"
7049	8.0	I use Remeron to reduce my Anxiety at night and get proper sleeping. I started with high dose at 30 mg 1 hour before bed time; it was heavy for me and I struggle to wake up next morning, then as per my schedule I reduce it to 15 mg then 7.5 mg. Dry mouth and feeling hungry at night was a problem, but it worth sacrificing the side effect. Remeron is great for me at certain level of 10-15 mg. Weight is not a problem for me as I train properly and watch my diet. I’m fighting Depression and Anxiety for the past 7 years, I have to stay on medication, Remeron at night and Zoloft in the morning, this is the best combination for me.
7050	3.0	I've been on this medicine for a few years now 45mg and I don't think they work for anxiety at all. I still have panic attacks every day and during the night I can wake up in panic.  The doctor sent me to see a councillor but found that did not help either think I need to go back. I can't carry on like this its driving me insane 
7051	6.0	Do not take this bad medication. It's highly addictive. Hard to come off like Xanax. This is good sleeping pill. Yes it's calm down at night if it takes on night but after waking up it's giving hang over like you drunk 15 shots of vodka the night before
7052	6.0	This drug is good for depression but not for anxiety.
7053	7.0	I've been on it for about 3 years now, side effects like drowsiness are a given, it goes away with time and adjustment. Once you're good on it you'll know, it takes time (as the doctor will tell you). Kind of worried of long term use side effects after reading online but for now it helps. be back with any updates
7054	9.0	Loved this medication.  Particularly loved the sedative side effect, because I had been unable to sleep more than an hour or two at a time, prior to taking mirtazapine.  The only drawback was that my appetite, and consequently my weight increased dramatically over time.  After taking it for 10 years I had to find a medication that would not make it so difficult to lose and maintain weight, but I have never found a medication that made me feel so good, relaxed, and able to sleep.
7055	6.0	I have been on  mirtazapine for a while now and my anxiety was mostly kept in check until I had a pulmonary embolism which can cause anxiety, then the anxiety kicked into high gear. The Dr increased the dosage from 15mg to 30mg. Hopefully that will provide some relief, so I can rate the drug as a 10
7056	9.0	Don't listen to any of the negative comments in regards to this medicine.  I currently take 30mg at night.  It helps with anxiety during the day and does keep u asleep at night.  No real side effects with this medication.  Of course it is a sedative so u r bound to be a bit sleepy at times but honestly it's not bad.  More like calm then groggy.  Only changes I found in myself since taking this medication is I find I don't have a deep sleep.  Seems to be more like a light sleep with dreams but it's still restful and I don't regret this medication at all it's been fantastic.  People say u gain weight on it but thats not true for everyone.  I didn't find it made me hungry.  No different then usual.
7057	6.0	I have been on this medication for about 4 months now. When I first started taking it, it knocked me out hard and when I woke up I could barely walk straight. I was so dizzy and off balance it scared me. My doctor told me that it is normal and to just stick through it. I felt better the 2nd and 3rd month, while it didn’t take away my panic/anxiety disorder it did help a little bit. Now I’m on month 4, I have been having panic attacks in the middle of the night. I get weird panic Attacks which shows in uncomfortable physical symptoms. I am now going back to the doctor to see if there is anything else I can do to improve or change my medication. This did help me get off Xanax 0.25-0.5 mg for 3 months but now I need it again occasionally.
7058	8.0	This med works great but these 7.5mg and 15mg doses I see on here seem low.  At those levels it will make you so hungry (at least in my case).  Just try 45mg and see if it works for you.  I have also found that a little effexor mixed with it causes the hunger from each to cancel out.
7059	5.0	I've been on this med for 5 days now. I feel the hunger! I am constantly craving food. Sleep wise it knocks me out and keeps me asleep which is great as my anxiety usually wakes me up through out the night. I do feel a little better mood wise but not enough. I am on 15mg, one before bed. The groggy sleepy feeling has started to wear off today and I am able to function. I feel like this could work if it wasn't for the weight gain, I struggle with my weight as a size 14. I don't want to now feel depressed because I've put on weight. I've given it a 5 as I am still unsure, I don't know if I will renew this prescription.
7060	5.0	I have had Generalized Anxiety since a child along with panic issues. I'm now 28 and continue a life of anxiety. I had my share of drug abuse as well to self treat my anxiety but in the end all that stuff made my anxiety worse. Not my fault my docs could not treat me. I've been on a variety of anti depressants and anti anxiety meds but I don't get access to benzos anymore, even if I have a panic attack because my doctor refuses to ever trust me with anything addictive so I'm stuck with meds like mirtazapine. It is great for sleep that's for sure. Also great for nightmares. Oh man the nightmares I've had! Great stuff I say. The nightmares.. Not the drug. I've been on it over a month now at 7.5mg and I still have a lot of anxiety.
7061	9.0	I've  been taking the drug for about 5 years for an anxiety. It was an absolute godsend for me. It takes a few days for the body to settle in but it's worth it.   It allows me to function normally. Yes it does have a sedative effect but l take it at night which only helps me get to sleep. Yes l still suffer from mild anxiety occasionally but it is manageable. This allows me to focus on the cause which is usually procrastination of life issues such as money/health.
7062	4.0	I have started the mirtaz 7.5mg from last night. Unfortunately, I strongly feel the dizziness.
7063	9.0	"I was prescribed 15MG for anxiety, nervousness and troubles sleeping. 
I struggled to fall asleep and only slept for 3-5 hours I'm now getting a full nights sleep 8 hrs+.  
I recommend taking them a good 1-2 hrs  before bed, (I usually take them at 20:00 and my alarm is set for 7:00 - 7:30). I find it a struggle to get up and out of bed but that is normal for me. 
I get a really good night sleep and some pretty funky dreams. If I do wake up for any reason it isn't long before I fall back to sleep. 
They melt on your tongue and have a slight orangey taste, and leave your mouth numb but not for long. 
My anxiety has calmed down a lot and was sleeping a bit better after week 3. 
My appetite increased for the 1st month but returned to normal."
7064	7.0	I have been taking low dose mirtazapine (3.75 mgs) for about 10 wks now for anxiety, insomnia and mild depression. I was prescribed this after being unable to tolerate SSRI anti depressants and having a very bad reaction to Lexapro. Mirtazapine has worked well for insomnia and I started noticing improvements in anxiety levels and mood within 3-4 wks of starting.  I initially had a mild increase in appetite but no weight gain, and my appetite is now normal. The drawback to this med is daytime fatigue/groggy sensation that does not lift until late afternoon. I was told this would improve with time, but it has not. For this reason I will likely taper off the med soon - not something I can put up with long term despite being effective for insomnia/anxiety.
7065	1.0	Not only was this medicine not helpful, it made me a zombie.  I took a quarter of a pill in the lowest dose available. Within 15 minutes I literally could not function and had to stop what I was in the middle of and go to bed. I woke up after a full nights rest and was still in a fog. As I drove to work, I was so out of it. I would snap back to reality for a second and be scared that I passed my exit, which was still miles away, because I just wasn't with it.  I also nearly missed an appointment because (despite reminding myself more than once during the day that I needed to get to this appointment) I completely forgot.  I stayed in a zombie like state all day.
7066	10.0	I have had acute anxiety since I was a kid, I am now 26. I have been put on a range of medications to help with panic attacks over the years and have been on Mirtazapine for 4 months now and it has worked better than anything else. I still have panic attacks but they are mild and infrequent, in comparison to the 6-10 I was having per week beforehand. excellent medication!
7067	10.0	I have been on this drug for over a year now and it's safe to say mirtazapine saved my life I was having really bad anxiety for 3 to 4 month and that brought on the depression it got that bad I was running into the wall to try stop the feeling. After the doctors seen me they put me on Mirtazapine on 15mg for 6 week. I dramatically seen a difference in the anxiety but still was feeling really down so the doctors put in up to 30mg and have been on since. I can go to my job with no problems. But every now and then the anxiety still comes back but I'm learning to deal with the issue that bring the anxiety on
7068	3.0	"My son was prescribed Mirtazapine for severe anxiety. It helped a little bit and also his medicine for his bi polar disorder helped (Depakote). 
However,  once the anxiety decreased he should have had the Mirtazapine stopped by the psychiatrist.  This did not happen and he eventually had a severe psychotic breakdown where he tried to smash up his home, attacked his partner and believed aliens were after him . He was in hospital for over 2 months after the police had him sectioned."
7069	2.0	Was prescribed for anxiet. I don't get anxiety daily but certain situations cause horrible anxiety and panic so doctor thought this might keep me calmer overall to avoid moments of panic. Started on 7.5mg for 6 days. First few days on that felt like I was on a low dose of diazepam. Then felt nothing. Increased to 15mg for three weeks. Noticed I still felt anxious in same situations. Upped to 22.5. Anxiety felt worse. Went back down to 15mg and tapering off it. No withdrawal symptoms lowering dose. Currently on 7.5mg at 5 weeks of being on this. I sleep deeply on it but have very vivid dreams. I've experienced sleep paralysis one night which was scary. Some other horrible dreams too occasionally. Have had increased appetite.
7070	10.0	god sent for anxiety
7071	10.0	I think it's gonna help me just got on it yesterday with 1mg xanax 
7072	5.0	I was on this medication for approximately 8 weeks.   I felt it did a great job with helping to sleep @ night but I felt more and more anxious and not able to sit still for long.   It did help a bit with anxiety attacks but overall I would say this drug was mostly beneficial for sleeping at night.
7073	3.0	I found this drug increases appetite rapidly and is very sedating, I do not feel it has worked for depression or anxiety, I am on the maximum dose and take it alongside another anti depressant. I have taken for approx 12 months, I am now reducing with the aim of stopping due to the weight gain and lack of real benefit.
7074	9.0	I see a lot of negative reviews on here of people who have only just started the medication.. all I can say is that you need to actually be on it for more than 2 weeks to even begin to be able to judge it. I've been on mirtazapine 45mg for about 8 months and I find it to be great an enhancing energy, motivation, creativity and social behaviour. There is no depression anymore whatsoever. The only negative thing is perhaps I am a bit emotionally blunted, but that is a fair trade off.
7075	7.0	"This drug helped with insomnia almost immediately. But antidepressant effects seem to be lacking as I feel it really only increases my mood swings. I am usually groggy the next morning which wears off, but it's still a significant factor in the morning. 
My anxiety is helped a little bit but I still have random panic attacks that seem to be brought on by my moodiness so it's give and take. So far the sleep benefits started to really decrease after the first month but I started taking two a night and I'm sleeping better again but we'll see for how long. 
I don't feel that my anxiety has been helped very much by this drug but I am mostly calmer due to the sedating nature of the drug. 
I am scheduled to follow up with my psych about this drug."
7076	1.0	This drug did help me sleep, but it did not put a dent in my anxiety one bit. In fact, I had a major panic attack while I was on the drug earlier this year, which I rarely have.
7077	10.0	This medication has been a miracle for me.  My anxiety has improved tenfold and it's not near as bad as it was. Most meds have side effects but the improvement in my life outweighs any of them. Although I don't feel any side real effects, I do know my appetite has increased which is good for me and I just try to eat healthy &amp; keep  away from junky food. Overall I feel so much better and sleep better too. I felt a little sleepy in the evenings when I first began taking it but this has gone away now and I don't notice anything. I'm feeling so much better.
7078	9.0	Mirtazapine is initially sedating, this gradually reduces over about a month.  The sedation rapidly reduces anxiety and improves sleep.  After the first month the sedative effect wears off and you may feel the drug has stopped working, it has not!  The longer term antidepressant/anxiety benefits take several months to reach maximum benefit.   After 3 months most side effects disappear.   My biggest side effect is increased appetite, I compensate by exercising more as I love to eat!  I started on 15mg dose and increased this to 30mg after a month.  Overall 6 months on my anxiety is 80% better than before.
7079	1.0	Was prescribed this for depressive and anxiety symptoms relating to BPD (borderline personality disorder) And for SAD (social anxiety disorder). Started on 15mg for one month then 45mg. Few months in and so far no effect at all on any symptoms.
7080	10.0	Taking Mirtazipine 45mgs for anxiety at night get a good nights sleep and no hung over feelings on waking do get a dry mouth but its worth it for the help this drug gives me
7081	1.0	These are absolutely horrible! I Literally took one tablet and they've knocked me out for 3 days. I feel like an absolute zombie, can't drive, can barely string a sentence together, and sleeping horribly. They're making me have very weird vivid dreams and I wake up exhausted. I will never ever take these pills again.
7082	5.0	"I'm rating this drug bang in the middle because I do believe it will help some people

I took 15mg twice a day only lasted 10 days because of the side effects

Pros:
Slept instantly every night just after taking
So much energy....this did become too much will explain in cons 
Lift in mood almost straight away
No groggy feeling in the morning 

Cons:
The munchies were INSANE I couldn't stop eating sugary foods 
Increase appetite too extreme 
I became too 'high' experienced shaking hands and severe twitching 
Feeling manic and hyperactive became too much 

So although at first it was a wonder drug for me it quickly became problematic with the side effects. I was prescribed mirtazapine for severe anxiety and depression"
7083	8.0	Was experiencing GAD, major depressive disorder and OCD for about 9 months. Been in and out of hospitals with no real help. Decided to try mirtazipine alone (always took it in addition to an SSRI, never alone). Started with 15 mg but broke it up into three times a day. 7.5 mg in the morning, 3.75 mg at noon, then another 3.75 mg at bedtime). Saved my life. Initially, my anxiety just about disappeared which in turn helped my depression. After about 2 weeks, I started waking up with returning anxiety and depression but am continuing with 15 mg until I see my doctor in 2 weeks. I can't say enough about this med. I'm not able to take normal ADs, mood stabilizers, or benzos as I experience terrible side affects.
7084	10.0	Diagnosed with GAD and depression about 5 months ago. Had loads of CBT and therapy which helped a bit (thank you BUPA) and 7 weeks on Fluoxetine/Prozac which had loads of side effects &amp; didn't seem to help. Saw a psychiatrist who said stop the fluoxetine which is probably the most mood enhancing AD so good for depression not so much for anxiety and swapped me to 15mg Mitrazapine 4 days ago which he said was far more calming. I slept 8 hours straight the first night, then 9 &amp; 9. Anxiety almost gone &amp; not feeling depressed much. Hopefully this continues, I know it's early days but I'm actually looking forward to tomorrow which is a new feeling for me.
7085	9.0	"Mirtazapine is a miracle, but you have to take a SMALL dose, meaning about 7.5 mg to 15 mg, no more than that.  Larger doses cause too much adrenaline release, so if you gave up on Mirt before, try it again with a pill splitter at a very small dose, just before bedtime.

It will help you sleep, and it has virtually the opposite side effects of SSRIs, meaning no sexual side effects, and no anxiety increase (only decrease).  I take it for debilitating anxiety just as I described."
7086	4.0	An update after ca. 1 month on Mirtazapine: Now on 22.5 mg mirt (evening) and still 200 mg of Sertraline (morning). The mirt worked very well to start with, but after 2 weeks my anxiety has come back with a vengeance, and the body screams for benzos (but not getting any). Stopped with diazepam one month ago, so it may still be withdrawal effects? My thoughts about the past and future fuel anxiety and then the anxiety fuels the thoughts and there you go... Ringing in my ears and the same melody playing in my head over and over again, palpations and feeling miserable. Any advice? Not a miracle drug after all?
7087	9.0	It started out with an abortion- with respect to whatever your opinion may be on that matter, I had my carefully thought out reasons. My boyfriend and I were very literally starving due to lack of money and food. The baby was taking in any nutrients I was getting- I wasn't going to survive the pregnancy.  It was an extremely difficult decision and I struggled with it heavily. After the abortion, I continued to lose weight-I am 5ft and weighed 80lbs the nausea continued for another 6 months and I was having regular panick attacks due to the anxiety caused by the abortion. I have been on Mirtazapine for a month now, and the nausea and over all anxiety is nearly eliminated, and I am back to a healthy weight. This drug saved my quality of life.
7088	8.0	I have been on mirtazapine for about three weeks now as I have GAD, it has worked fine until recently, the last few nights, I was thinking about increasing it to 30mg see if that helps, but doctor mentioned that it works better when taking 15mg ? Any advice would be great thanks in advance
7089	8.0	Very Dry Mouth  Strange dreams. Ringing ears .
7090	10.0	"I have been on Mirtazipine 30 mgs for several years for anxiety and to help me sleep recently as I suddenly had severe palpatations a new docter prescribed me Sertaline 50 mgs this was terrible it made me even more anxious and I felt really unwell.
I am now back on Mirtazapine and beginning to feel well once again never again will I switch to another drug I now have this drug on my repeat prescription list and highly recommend it"
7091	7.0	"I started taking Mirtazapine 15mg 5 weeks ago as I was in a very bad place with Pure obsessive Disorder and GAD.
It has been really helpful in controlling my Generlised Anxiety and has allowed me to enjoy my Christmas and New year and life again. It hasn't really helped with my pure obsessional thoughts directly but has really helped lower my anxiety which does trigger my pure obsessional thoughts so indirectly I suppose it has made them more controllable.
I've had no weight gain and weight has remained the same through out. The only side effects were sleepiness and drowsiness in 1st week.
If you are worried about gaining weight on this drug then I suggest weighing yourself before and during taking it.
I would definitely recommend it"
7092	1.0	Is a tricky drug but cons out weigh pros I experienced weight gain good if under weight not good for someone already appetite like me took a month to experience antidepressant and anti anxiety properties also helped with sleep but had bad effect on intellectual ability and totally ruined sex drive and actually made me more anxious in mornings and caused head aches when I tried to stop taking so would not recommend why do doctor s push the SSRI s all the time when Valium far more effective for sleep and anxiety problems this and St Johns and comprehensive supplements and improved diet and active lifestyle s far better choice
7093	10.0	Very effective very minor side affects
7094	10.0	"Was juggling a family, 30hr p/t job &amp; unive full time, whilst dealing with immediate relatives that were either ill or dying. Needless to say I hit rock bottom, was underweight &amp; felt like I was walking the 'Green Mile'!! I can only describe the feeling as if my body was running on 'flight' mode. Clearly the extra adrenaline was needed as I was being pulled from pillar to post with deadlines, deadlines, deadlines. It got too much. No appetite, constant weight of despair on my chest, insomnia and endless worry. 
After a week of taking Mirt, the anxieties disappeared as did the despair. Felt normal but not in a drugged up way. Was able to sleep/wake well and focus."
7095	8.0	"I have GAD.
Mirtazapin made me sleep like a kid, and made my anxiety low and I felt more safe."
7096	8.0	Before taking this medicine, I had severe anxiety/depression. I was constantly nauseous to the point where I quit eating and got down to 90lbs and was having panic attacks nonstop. I couldn't sleep. I just felt like I wanted to die because I didn't want to live my life like that anymore. I was so scared to try taking antidepressants for the first time because I've read so many bad things. But I finally did it and I've been on 15mg mirtazapine for about a month and a half now and I can't remember the last time I had a panic attack, I don't want to die anymore, I sleep through the night, and I can eat again! I do still have some general anxiety but this medication has saved my life!! I actually feel like myself again and am able to function
7097	1.0	Been on sertraline for anxiety however my limbs have had a constant ache so doc changed me to mirtazapine 15mg . I took half a tablet b4 bedtime last night &amp; slept well but woke up totally zombified. ....I am a carer so can't function  feeling  like this so wont be taking anymore!
7098	1.0	Initially prescribed 15mg after 2 weeks and no improvement dosage upped to 30mg per day with the option to take an additional 15mg for anxiety. Week 1 well to be fair i really didn't know if I was awake or asleep -  it was like an out of body experience. I was unable to function whatsoever. Week 2 dropped myself to 2 tablets to try and regain some function and normality this helped for around 1 week. That was when everything then started moodiness anxiety lThese pills have turned my world upside down and now I am an irrational nasty fearfull and genrally unwell person. I'm going to the gp tomorrow to stop these as they are terrible for me.
7099	7.0	"Diagnosed with depression, S.A.D. and anxiety, all because of my sleep, or lack of. 
Felt like a zombie everyday and would wake up on average 40 times a night, falling asleep for no longer then an hour then anxious all night and angry knowing I was wide awake. 

Prescribed mirtazapine 15mg one tablet before bed. It has worked wonders for me, I'm able to go to sleep for about 3 or 4 hours then when i do wake up in not wide awake or angry and can go back to sleep. 
Granted I only sleep for 20 mins at a time afterwards but I'm calm. 

It has been 3 months on and im still going OK. 
Id like to get off them soon so fingers crossed!"
7100	10.0	"I started taking Mirtazapine almost a month ago and its been a wonder drug for me. Needed something for crippling anxiety + panic attacks, depression, chronic insomnia, sleep paralysis,night terrors, self medication with alcohol just to sleep and quell anxiety. Prescribed 15 mg at bed-time.  Took 1/4 (3.75 mg) a night for 4 nights, then 1/2 (7.5 mgs) for two nights and then on to 15 mgs.

Now I sleep (but can wake up if needed), zero anxiety, no increase in appetite.  I've even lost a bit of weight do to no longer drinking alcohol - a small miracle in itself and my libido has returned.  I had a terrible reaction to Prozac years ago - anorexia, self harm, mania, no libido, alcohol cravings, intrusive thoughts. So glad my doctor gave me Mirt."
7101	1.0	"Mitrazapine made my anxiety worse.  It has been hell getting off Mirtazapine.  It has taken me 2 years to get to 3mg from 37.5mg.  It has done nothing for me,  but cause havoc in my life.  Weight gain, nightmares, anxiety, panic,  sugar cravings,  night sweats, body quackes. Neck pressure, head aches, pressure in the head, pins and needles in the arms, chest, burning head, food / suppliment  intolerance .
Can't wait to get off this poison. Also developed pot belly from this drug, and I have always had a flat stomach. 
When you stop Mitrazapine,  does that go away?"
7102	1.0	TERRIBLE!!!- do not take! First off this made me super super hungry. Secondly it made me a complete zombie. My friends and teachers said I was worse than normal and I already had depression. Not only does it make you zombie like when I increased to 30mg it gave me the worst headaches for at least 24hrs! It felt like a really bad hangover- I became so sensitive to sounds It was living hell. Never again
7103	1.0	this medication only made me feel worse I took it for my anxiety and panic attacks and honestly it didn't help at all if anything made things worse. I put on about 10kg the hungers been horrible the weight gain makes me feel worse. at the start of taking it it stopped my ability to have panic attack so my anxiety would build to no release but now the panic attacks have come back and theyre worse. ineffective and horrible side effects
7104	10.0	I had been loosing 1lb per week for 6 months with a constant stomach ache untill i was put on 15mg Mirtazapine. My stomach ache went away by 85% &amp; i was able to start eating again. Also sleeping better but groggy n the morning.
7105	10.0	I found out i have a anxiety disorder that has caused seizures. Finally i can walk around and sleep .also not aggetated anymore.  I do get a little light headed tho.
7106	2.0	I started at 15mg then 30mg. It is not helpful for my anxiety. It only calms me down an hour before bedtime but then I am awake with terrible anxiety 3 hours later.
7107	1.0	I was prescribed Mirtazapine for severe anxiety, I took my first 15mg dose and waited to fall asleep as this is what the doctor told me to expect, I laid almost paralysed hallucinating on and off all night but at that point I thought I was dreaming,my husband picked up on the fact that I was wide awake hallucinating,the emergency doctor told me to discontinue immediately, I never took another dose but 5 days later I still feel very ill,itching all over and just not myself,i was told it could take 200 hours to leave my body completely by my pharmacist, I just pray it's over soon, it's been a terrible experience for me personally.
7108	3.0	I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attack disorder. I take 30mg, the recommended therapeutic dose. This medicine does not serve well as a long form treatment for anxiety in my opinion. It only produces a calming effect for a short lived period of time after taking it at night. Upon waking in the morning, my anxiety is always back to normal and has had zero effect in subduing anxiety symptoms or panic attacks. I worry it has an effect on my blood sugar because I often get symptoms of irritability, lightheadedness, and a fast heart rate. I wake up several times in the night extremely thirsty which is starting to make me worried. I think there's a reason this has to be prescribed off-label for anxiety...it's not shown to be effective.
7109	3.0	Effective for manic anxiety in my case.Started well-But 12 months in:Put on 3 stone in weight/from size 12 to 18/Developed large pot belly associated with this drug &amp; look 6 months pregnant/Chronic flatulence/Exhausted after a drugged 12 hour sleep each night so cannot work/Really bad memory loss/No libido whatsoever/The general slothness of not having the energy or impetus to do anything. The hunger this drug creates is insatiable: a sudden hollow pit in your stomach that needs to be filled instantly-I have never experienced anything like it, even throughout pregnancy. I you're ok living life not giving a damn about anything, this is for you,it does spin you out to nothingness. If you want a recovery-refuse this drug &amp; seek an alternative
7110	6.0	I have been taking the medication for about 1month and it is helping me to over come my anxiety and depression as well as my insomnia . I may be having a side affect as to being hungry all day and after eating several meals still hungry . Craving all sweets and all foods witch i dont like to eat but is very affective on my disorders and i would like a higher dosage  of maybe 20 milagrams a tablet .
7111	8.0	"I'm writing this review hoping that I can help someone in the future who is in the same situation as I was. I had chronic nausea for 6 months after a stomach bug and went from doctor to doctor until I was diagnosed with post-infectious functional dyspepsia by a really good gastroenterologist.

I was immediately put on mirtazapine, starting on 7,5mg at bedtime and then increasing to 15mg after 3 weeks. This drug worked wonders and I recovered my appetite within the first week, and I was virtually free of nausea after less than a month. Side effects were a lot of sleepiness at first (it went away in a few weeks), some constipation and loss of libido."
7112	7.0	I have been on the medication about a month I take 30mg at night along with 20mg of Paxil. They seem to work great together I have no anxiety attacks anymore I fall right asleep within 10 min of taking them the only problem I have seen so far is that it's extremely difficult to stay awake during the day and I am ALWAYS hungry. I can eat several meals a day and all I think about all day is food I have gained 20 lbs in one month of taking this medication.
7113	6.0	How long has it taken for the full effects of mirtazapine to take place and set in?
7114	8.0	I am 23.  I went on Mirt after trying Zoloft and a few other anti-depressants in the past.  I was having extreme health anxiety and nocturnal panic attacks; basically anxiety that completely took over my life.  Compared to the side effects Zoloft game me Mirtazapine was amazing at first.  It was like an instant calming effect after taking it.  I stopped having the nocturnal panic attacks... However; I have hypersomnia and went from panic to oversleeping and bad dreams. Sadly, it was just too much for me.  If you have insomnia I bet this med would be perfect for you... It was great for my anxiety. Unfortunately had to switch. Give it a try though! I loved it besides the sleep issue.
7115	5.0	I have fairly severe anxiety and depression, as well as some insomnia. I've only been on this medication for a few days. I have tried Lexapro, Buspirone, Zoloft, Gabapentin, Trazadone, and Topamax. I was on Lexapro for about three years and it worked wonders. All of the others either had little to no effect or had terrible side effects. I am now coming off Zoloft and starting Remeron (mirtazipine) combined with Effexor Xr. Although I have not been on it long enough for it to improve my mood, I have noticed that it makes me feel almost zombie like. It helps me sleep, but I have to force myself out of bed and I am constantly tired throughout the day. I am going to give it some time and see how it goes.
7116	1.0	I took this drug for 10 months and have been off it for 1 year, whilst on the drug I became vacant over my life. gained weight suffered with numerous ailments to many to list from flue like symptoms to a altered heart rhythm, increased anxiety, When coming off the drug on a slow taper I suffered suicide ideation, low blood pressure, blood sugar problems and damaged endocrine system, It blocks certain neurotransmitters in the brain  to work so when you stop taking it, they do not perform correctly, ie digestion and thyroid problems, blocking histamine transmitters leaving your body open to food allergies . A lot of these problems are not easy to rectify and I still have them. why give 10 out of 10. If your still taking it, beware!
7117	4.0	I was prescirbed 15mg at night so scared to take this after what i had read so i started on just a quarter of a tablet and thank god i did this tiny piece of tablet nearly had me passing out what would a whole one do?
7118	6.0	This medicine changed my life.. It made me feel well and travel freely without any anxiety stmptoms or panic attacks.. It was amazing for me.. Until suddenly i started to notice that am gaining weight. I was 53 kilograms.. And after taking remeron for three months am 78 kilograms. It made me feel hungry.. Cravings sweets, pastas, pizzaz... What ever i eat and how much will still keep me hungry.. Now it is depressing me because i gained weight and this changed how i use to look And sizes Am now on my fourth month of this medicine.. 30 mg.. And my anxiety and panic attacks are 30% back. My dr. Recomended to increase the dose to 45mg.. But i refused. Cbt is doing well.. But am depressed about this medicine.. Tried many others but got allergy
7119	2.0	Im not surev about this medication, I have hade good days and horrible ones. I think this has made my anxietie way worse. The withdrawl symptoms are horrible, i will never take this again.
7120	9.0	I was so scared to try these tablets. But I must say mood wise I'm feeling fab.They do help you sleep better and have vivid dreams but ive not had any scary ones! and they do make you feel like you don't want to wake up but you soon get out of it once your running around doing things. I looked them up on the net and saw nothing but scare stories. I started on 15mg and was terrified due to what id read. But they was fab! then I went to 30mg as people can start going downhill again on 15mg its completely normal. Then I went to 45mg and they sent me loopy (high serotonin levels) but after 3 days back to 30mg I was fine. I still get panic attacks but pills wont fix that problem. self help and cbt therapy fixes that apparently.
7121	8.0	I've been taking it  for depression/anxiety for about seven years now. The 1st time I took it I got a horrible restless feeling an hour after taking it..it was really horrible, pretty unbearable but after the second day I was fine. It is an excellent sleep aid, it knocks you out into a deep sleep with really vivid and usually pleasant dreams..getting out of bed afterwards is the only hard part! It leaves you pretty groggy and sedated for the start of the day. Everybody else is rushing around work getting stuff done and my brain is operating on half speed. For that reason I'm thinking of tapering off it. I also have a sense of apathy..everything is 'ok'..even when it's not..take it to get yourself better but get off it when you can
7122	9.0	"This medication has been brilliant for anxiety, insomnia and getting my appetite back.
However, if you read the side effects of mirtazapine, it does indicate that weight gain is one of the main side effects of this medication regardless of how little you eat. READ IT! If you eat twice as much as usual you will become very overweight.
Mirtazapine has really helped my depression, anxiety, insomnia and lack of appetite. I have put on 2 stone in 5 months on 15 mgs a day and that's without 'pigging out'
I have decided to taper off by taking 15 mgs every other day for a couple of weeks then down to 15mgs 1 in3 days and see how it goes. I have started to notice a difference already
I'm not mad enough to stop it completely  its helped me so much"
7123	3.0	"I suffer from Sever Psychotic Depression 
I've been taking mirtazapine for up to 6 to 7 months. it worked well at the start but after a month it was like stuffing medication inside me and nothing helping. just yesterday I got 30mg and it helped  a lot, maybe they help at the start but I'm scared I will get addicted . I have gained 3 stones because of the medication . I cant stop eating and after eating a big meal  I'm still hungry, I feel lazy most of the time, 
Quetiapine is a failure, it will only help to fall asleep 30 mins or an hour after taking it, but the next morning i feel worse hallucinations and illusions 
i will request you to see how it goes for the first moth , if theres any cure then great if not the please tell a Psychiatris"
7124	9.0	"I had been experiencing post partum anxiety and severe insomnia for a few weeks.
After having tried almost every natural alternative out there, I was becoming increasingly desperate.
Reading of the experiences of other mums in my situation and what worked for them, I decided to mention this medication to my new doctor and thankfully, he agreed to give it a try (SSRIs had never worked for me in the past and had made my anxiety 10X worse).
The 15mgs I take nightly have been a godsend. Despite the slight wooziness after the initial dose, I now sleep so well &amp; can throughly enjoy my waking life with my baby again!
Highly recommended to other mums with these same symptoms."
7125	9.0	I was on Sertraline but was struggling with sleep, the doctor prescribed 15mg Mirtazapine and it was great, helped me sleep and also great for anxiety and intrusive thoughts. Like many other users, I did feel groggy in the mornings and I also noticed some minor restlessness but the positives are far more numerous than the negatives.
7126	1.0	Well this medication worked well for me for the first few years but as time went on the side effects got gradually worse. I'm am now totally paranoid and suffering from severe anxiety disorder. I am trying to come off this medication to deal with these side effects. To anyone taking this medication get off it now before you end up like I did. And despite what your doctor tells you it is a addictive!! Worst mistake of my life..
7127	10.0	"Having taken citalopram for 6 weeks my anxiety was awful - every morning from 3 or 4am onwards. 
First mirtazapine tablet was like a miracle - I slept well and for far longer and had zero early morning anxiety. Taking 15 mg which makes me a little drowsy (just 6 days in) but nothing too bad and well worth it to feel normal again."
7128	9.0	Panic attacks, anger attacks, obsessive thoughts and checking money, suicidal thoughts only thankfully, i was hitting my legs with my fists, anxiety and depression, under eating lack, of sleep not able to focus on work.  I started off with 7.5mg mirt. The first night knocked me out! The next morning I was groggy as heck, felt drugged.Finally though I was able to eat. This went on for about 4 days. I continued 7.5 mg for another week and then increased to 15mg. I have never been this calm in my life, it is weird i actually can eat and sleep, my acne is subsiding. I feel myself slowly coming back back. I still suffer from depression and anxiety but everything else including my sleep is finally a pattern. I am able to fall asleep
7129	4.0	"Id write more except I cant focus for long. Citalopram made me suicidal, hate that drug with a passion. 
Doctor gave me this, its yet to help with my anxiety or panic attacks (2 weeks in 30mg). 
Side effects are not great:
The most horrific and graphic nightmares I've ever had in my life which make me wake up in tears. The problem here is that this drug makes me sleep for 10  hours so theres no escaping these dreams, then when I wake up i just have these disturbing images in my head all day which makes my anxiety worse. 
 my anger is unreal and not an aggressive person in general. 
Another thing is I cannot sit still, i have to be moving all the time from the second I wake up. Concentration is non existent..."
7130	1.0	Bad. Way to many Side effects and effects on too many neurotransmitters. Awful. Interacted with my clonidine and tagamet. Put me in hospital. Rather be depressed
7131	10.0	I suffered from postnatal Anxiety that I had just about every symptom that comes with anxiety! Mirtazapine 15mg changed my life that I can now enjoys my babies and lead a normal life that I did before! No more anxiety or insomnia and am now back at work!
7132	7.0	I suffer from obsessive thoughts, anxiety, depression and poor sleep. Mirta has a very powerful effect on me. I break a 15mg tablet in half and half again  to about 4 mg and it still knocks me out all night with a solid sleep. The next day I'm only about 60% alert until the evening when I become fully alert. It takes away sexual drive and sometimes causes restlessness before sleep. However it does reduce anxiety well enough to sleep. I have been using it when I need it.
7133	9.0	Mirtazapine 30 mg, taken it for several months... I still have anxiety and depression... but not much and not all the time. I still have the dreaded restless leg syndrome but, after falling asleep, I sleep like a baby. No side effects whatsoever, none, never. It may not perform miracles but it is, as per my experience, definitely worth a try. Other antidepressants I tried were horrible, so...
7134	4.0	So, I started taking 15mg of Mirtazapine but only half 7.5 as at the time (6 months ago) I was under 18 years of age and my doctor was extremely cautious about me taking this pill. Anyway! I started taking them maybe just over 6 months actually, and my behaviour and attitude &amp; anxiety has gotten much much worse. I wouldn't recommend anyone take this pill, as I have stopped sleeping as much, I have felt like I can't go out, just all together I feel like a zombie. Having to deal with the insomnia aswell as the anxiety aswell is not a good combination. I've had to start taking sleep aid as well as this drug because I feel constantly tired, I'm very pale all the time and I don't feel the benefits of this drug.
7135	9.0	Well, for such a tiny pill, this sure packs a punch! After complaining of an irregular sleep pattern that I simply could not break no matter what I did during the course of my day, my doctor prescribed 15mg Mirtazapine to be taken half-an-hour before bed. Most nights now I sleep right through and it is quality sleep I am getting. Since overcoming the mild grogginess I experienced during the initial uptake, I have found this medication works very well in combination with 112.5mg Venlafaxine which I take in the morning for depression. The main side-effects for me are massive carbohydrate cravings (I piled on weight before I knew it) and regular bizarre dreams, which at first I found quite disturbing but now kind of look forward to having.
7136	10.0	I started taking this over a month ago for anxiety. I had terrible physical symptoms of anxiety including numbness, pins and needles and burning in my limbs. I was having panic attacks on a daily basis for about 6 months and was feeling incredibly disconnected from my life and surroundings. I was put on 15mg once a day and I can not express how much this drug has changed my life. The first day after taking it I was incredibly drowsy, however, that subsided within two weeks - I still get drowsy after taking it but I've never slept better and I wake up fine. I did have increased hunger for about three weeks but I just continued my normal diet/exercise so I had absolutely no weight gain and my appetite has returned to normal.
7137	1.0	I took mirtazapine for 10 months with a slow taper to get off it, this drug caused horrible side effects whilst on it and off it. Increase anxiety, poor sleep pattern, several physical and mental problems and even gained a irregular heart beat, I took my last dose 6 months ago and would warn of its heavy sedation properties masking your current problem.ie count the months not the days, the longer you take it and increase the dose, the bigger your problems maybe in the future ten fold unless it works for you and you signed up for life to it.
7138	10.0	Mirtazapine has been a life saver for me. I had severe anxiety to the point I was feeling suicidal. I couldn't function and my obsessive thoughts were constant. I couldn't sleep more than one hour without waking up from a panic attack. I started taking 50mg of Pristiq and 5 days later was put on 15mg of Mirtazapine to speed up the process and help with sleep and appetite. I took the tablet an hour before bed and was knocked out almost instantly and slept the whole night. It's been 4 days since I started Mirtazapine and I am able to go to work etc. Still feeling a bit anxious but it's bearable. Definitely increased my hunger but I don't give into the cravings! I eat normal, if not less. Will see how it progresses but only good things so far!
7139	10.0	"I have been taking antidepressants for around 30 years. Zoloft, prozac, bupropion just to name a few. 
Last night was my first foray into mirtazapine 15mg soltabs. It took very little time to begin to work. I felt altered right away. Quickly I got sleepy and began hearing faint voices. Turned out I could hear my partners laptop on very low volume from across the room. My hearing is not very good so I would count that as a good thing if in fact it was her laptop. 
I was soon totally wrecked, could hardy walk. I went to bed. 
Had to use the toilet 5 times throughout the night. Lack of balance made this interesting. 
I feel hung over and I can no longer concentrate to finish my story."
7140	1.0	I was on 40mg of citalopram which was working a treat but wasn't sleeping so I was given mirtazapine 15mg. I've been on them less than 2 weeks now and the change in myself is simply terrible. The first couple of nights I got an amazing sleep but found it hard to get up in the morning but things have just gone from bad to worse, I have bad anxiety, can't sleep, feel like a walking zombie, dizziness is terrible, crazy dreams/mares, compulsive sweating, itching/burning sensations and the worst for me is my anger it's unexplainable I can fly of the handle for someone looking at me. This drug might work for some people but I'd say avoid at all costs I've never felt so unhappy and down right miserable.
7141	9.0	"Am on a cross-over from Venlafaxine to Mirtazipine due to the libido-destroying qualities I experienced with the former. If ever there was a passion killer list then Venlafaxine would rate up there with halitosis.  It is  great anti-depressant but top of the flops in the pants department.
Started on 30mgs Mirtazipine the other day and two things hit me straight away..... food and serenity.
Will keep it going as am sure the initial 'hit' will subside and I'll rejoin my body sometime but certainly if the libido matches the serenity then 'hello baby!'"
7142	8.0	I am pleased to say, that I have been taking Remeron for about 4 months after recovering from severe acute pancreatitis, including surgery and a 5 1/2  month hospital stay. I take it at bedtime,  sleep 8-10 hours , wake without drowsiness and it seems to have helped curb my anxiety due to significant family problems.
7143	5.0	I feel like I've taken amphetamines and Valium in one hit! I'm in my 3rd day... A different kind of anxiety!!!! Like one minute I'm rushing!! The next I'm knackered!! Does anyone get what I mean? I think I'm going to persevere and see how it settles
7144	1.0	I took citalapram for nine weeks unsuccessfully and mirtazapine for 8months, too many side effects, numb emotional feelings and made anxiety worse , feeling aggressive, aching joints,big changes in weight and bodily functions , not easy to withdraw from either, worsening thoughts, (don't think relapse, think it's the drug) or you'll end up back on it. My opinion is never again, beware!
7145	1.0	I was prescribed mirtazapine after a 10 week treatment of citalapram, side effect out way any gains in taking it, it will make u sleep and create more anxiety,weight gain and change in personality are to name a few, when your depressed and down that black hole the withdrawal effects of the drug are far worse, I slow tapered off this drug and haven't taken any for 4months, partial side effects are still with me, I know this as I didn't have them in the first place, I' d research the myth of the chemical imbalance theory before you take this drug.
7146	10.0	I took my first dose last night and I have slept 9+ hours and my anxiety is reduced today but I WANT FOOD.
7147	1.0	I have had mild depression on and off for 3 years and have been taking 10mg Vivactil. A recent change in my circumstances means I have been experiencing anxiety attacks, not sleeping and very tearful. I took a 15mg tablet for the first time last night as directed and slept 9 hours solid. However I felt 'drunk' all day. Didn't feel safe to drive, unable to concentrate in work and eventually had to come home. I slept another 7 hours and only just feel 'normal' again. This drug is not for me! I wasn't able to function. Although I slept well and didn't have any panic attacks I couldn't remember where I had parked my car and I also forgot to eat. It's back to the GP for me
7148	1.0	Have tried this now for four weeks and I am coming off it. Gave me dry mouth, dry eyes and done nothing for anxiety, helped with eating, did not help me sleep. I am not condemning the drug, it works for some and that's great, so happy for them.
7149	9.0	At 19 I went on Sertraline as I'd struggled with varying levels of anxiety throughout my teens. About a year later I tapered and came off for about 6 months. Then, completely out of the blue, I felt almost an electric shock in bed one night and spiralled into the most awful depression and panic imaginable. After the Sertraline failed to work I was on the verge of admitting myself to a psych ward. It was truly the most painful experience imaginable. My GP prescribed Mirtazapine as an attempt to pull me back into balance, and I can honestly say that in about 2 weeks I had recovered. I cannot speak of the difference it made. Utterly unbelievable. The best benefit was its sleep inducing effects, as I'd always stay up all night in panic.
7150	1.0	I was prescribed this for anxiety, depression and sleep problems (with my fibromyalgia)  after several trial and errors with other medication. I've been on it for three weeks now and it has no effect whatsoever on me. The doctor took me off sertraline and replaced it with mirtazapine.  I sleep about 3/4 hours every other night so I've doubled my dosage from 15mg to 30 mg after reading people's comments. I took the dose 3 hours ago and nothing :( hope it works better for others! (Uk)
7151	9.0	"I was previously on Citalopram, which I didn't think was doing me any good, so doctor changed me to Mirtazapine which I am very glad about.  It's helped my sleep and appetite, which were both very up &amp; down.  It has also helped my anxiety and racing, negative thoughts.  In turn, I feel more upbeat and positive.

Only slight downside is feeling groggy during the day, which I hope is just a small side effect while I get used to it.  Overall, I'm very happy with this so far."
7152	4.0	I have bad anxiety for years and I tired a few meds but they weren't working for me . Now I am on Mirtazapine 15 mg I only take one pill a note. The first nite I felt great little tired but the anxiety stopped. The sec nite was little different I had a few anxiety attacks but I managed to control them . I feel really tired and have a few attacks during the day but not as bad as before . I'm going to give this medicine a try and I'm going to have to go to therapy as the doc told me it will help, since I have been diagnosed with anxiety for years . I pray this will help me and get my life back. Good luck to all of you that are having bad times with anxiety and depression.
7153	6.0	Might try this one again someday.  Was on it 3 weeks.  Sleep started off OK but got worse with time along with feeling more anxious and exhausted each day.  3rd week, I'm lying in bed and start to panic.  Try to get up and collapse on the floor.  My brain felt like it was being lightly electrocuted.  Broken sleep and nightmares the rest of the night.  Next day around 3pm, I started to feel better.  Great even and slept great that night but the night before freaked me out so much I swore to never take it again.  Withdrawals were horrific.  Worst thing I ever experienced.  Still, that one day and night was amazing and think it might have been the one if I stuck it out another day or 2.  Weird reactions, I know.  It works great for my dad.
7154	5.0	I began taking this medicine about 1 year ago. I started on 15 mg, then upped to 30 then upped to 45. At first I felt better, kind of a happy optimistic feeling and then it kinda quit working so we went up to 30 mg which Is almost too much for me it would knock me out for 10 hours (I always take it right before bed) and I went back to the doctor and he said to just take more so I was put on the 45 mg tabs. I absolutely can not take a whole 45 mg tab I always wake up 11-12 hours later. If I have to get up early I am so fatigued in the morning so what I do is break a 45 mg one in half and I'm actually taking 22.5 mg now, any more is too sedating. It works very well for my insomnia but as far as my anxiety and depression it doesnt seem to work
7155	9.0	Was prescribed mirtazipine after citalopram failed to lift my depression and anxiety. I must say I was in a deep depression, you know, the place where everything is gloomy and hopeless and you just want to crawl into some cave and die. 15mg for the first couple of weeks nearly made me give up hope on this drug. The lethargy, hopelessness and anxiety deepened.  I am into my third week and I have upped the dose to 30mg as prescribed and I feel completely different. The anxiety is reducing by the day, I feel hopeful, upbeat and for once in eight months, I wake up in the morning with a spring in my steps. The zombie days seem to be disappearing. Mirtazipine is working for me and I hope it works for anyone who has started taking it.
7156	8.0	I must say, Mirtazipine was extremely helpful for my anxiety/depression along with taking Fluvoxamine for anxiety, depression, and ocd. A lot of the physical symptoms of anxiety as well as mental symptoms have diminished. Concentration has also improved. Although, the weight gain from increased appetite and the sluggish feeling in the morning has become problematic. I have my mind set on discontinuing.
7157	10.0	Excellent for anxiety and sleep. No more sweaty palms and inner tension. 15mg at bedtime and sleep like a baby. No side effects - increased appetite though.
7158	10.0	Have had depression with anxiety and insomnia 4 times in the last 10 years. Tried Prozac, went nuts,citalopram up to 60mg, did not work, sertraline, fabulous but took 6 weeks plus to get better at a relatively high dose and with horrid side effects. This time mirtazapine as had heard so many good things, I am a health care professional. Day 3 like a light bulb moment. Better. Sleeping like a baby, anxiety gone and of mood back to normal. Amazing
7159	5.0	"Hi, I have given the medicine 5 out of 10 although I am yet to take it.
I was originally taking 150 mg of venlafaxine a day which really helped with my anxiety, the only problem was the side effects. Every night I would wake in a pool of sweat which no matter how much I showered or bathed would have a strong smell to it. We had to constantly wash and replace duvet covers, sheets etc... I had no problem with sexual desire but maintaining an erection and staying interested was a problem. I ended buying kamagra online and found just an 8th of the tablet (dissolvable) would work wonders. I spoke to the doctor and he changed the medication to citalopram which I found the transition period fine but no way as effective as the venlafaxine"
7160	8.0	I used it at bed time along with Paxil. I have anxiety and at times insomnia. The lower the dose(@ 7.5 mg), the more it becomes a sleep aid. It worked well for both anxiety and insomnia.
7161	7.0	I have been taking mirtazapine for 5 years now and at first they were very, very helpful. The doctors told me that it was dangerous to stop taking them but my depression and anxiety was getting worse and the medication wasn't helping  anymore I must have got used to them. My personal experience with this medicine is ok for short time use.
7162	10.0	I was having massive problems with anxiety caused by constant heart palpitations or PVCs. Was having a lot of trouble going to bed at night. This honestly fixed me overnight. I couldn't believe it just worked so fast. Was very groggy the first morning waking up, but this has really given me my life back.
7163	10.0	"I use this for serious post traumatic stress disorder, Major Depressive disorder, Anxiety, Flashbacks Night Sweats, Night Terrors, Anger, Mood Swings, and waking up at night not knowing where I am.
I have taken this for more than 5 years. I take up to 70 mg of Citalopram during the day to compliment this medication along with Valuim for Anxiety and for major Surgery that gives me muscle cramps and pain.
I give it a ten. I have no side effects from this.
I do Citalopram, and Valuim but not Mirtazapine.
Rate it at 10."
7164	10.0	I was on every SSRI/SNRI possible. They all exacerbated my sleep problems. Remeron has given me my sleep back and virtually no anxiety! I highly recommend for people with anxiety and insomnia. Therapy also helped, it's not always just about taking a pill. I highly recommend  this and plan on never coming off!
7165	8.0	Works far better than any SSRI but I do still have symptoms of anxiety. I also take Diazepam when I feel an episode of severe anxiety coming on. Haven't been on it for that long though. Physiological symptoms like heart racing etc. Have already decreased so looking good.
7166	10.0	I suffered from awful anxiety for years. I tried a wide range of antidepressants and nothing ever worked. This medicine saved my life. Within days of trying it I was off of Ambien and Ativan which I had needed to sleep and function. It did make me super hungry and I did gain weight. But whats a few pounds to trade in for happiness. If I ever suffered severe anxiety problems again, I would try it in a second. It was actually one of the very first medicines my doctor recommended, but I did not try it due to possible liver side effects. That was a big mistake. I wasted years on the anti-depressant roller coaster. If it wasn't for the increased appetite, I would gladly pop one of those little miracle pills every night for the rest of my life.
7167	8.0	I've been on Remeron for 3 weeks now, and I feel somewhat better, I could not take other antidepressants because they made me a ton more anxious and out of it, like I wanted to crawl out of my skin, I've had a really tough time the last year and half and I'm hoping that this works for me, the only problem I'm having is I just can't seem to wake up in the morning and I'm still feeling very lethargic all day, I'm very sensitive to all medications so I have to move up very slowly, I just moved up to 18.75 mg, and I'm still really tired and I have a hard time functioning during the day, my doctor said he is going to slowly move me up too 30mg, I guess I am just wondering if anyone else out there has gone through the same thing I am going through
7168	9.0	During a really worrying period with one of my children I found I couldn't sleep and would lie awake with pounding heart and shaking.  This meant I found terrible during the day and it just got worse and worse. I eventually was referred to a Psychiatrist who prescribed Mirtazapine 15mg.  Well the first night I slept all night!  I was very groggy in the morning.  Gradually the grogginess lessened.  I found that because I was getting a good nights restful sleep I started to improve.  It really was like a miracle for me.  I have been on it now for about 18 months, the family crisis is over and I want to get off now if I can. so I have started taking just 7.5mg will see how I go with that for a while then hopefully stop altogether.
7169	8.0	Have had generalized and social anxiety for as long as I can remember. Was on Klonopin 1.0 to 1.5 mg twice a day (about 15 years) along with propranolol 20 mg twice a day. I decided at the beginning of this year that I was going to try to wean myself off Klonopin as getting a script every month for Klonopin is a pain. I started Remeron 5 months ago at 15mg than 22.5mg and in no time my anxiety level went down. I was also on Vyvanse to counter depression from long term Klonopin which I replaced with Wellbutrin. With Remeron/Wellbutrin combination I am down to 0.5mg twice a day Klonopin which I never dreamed was possible. I plan on going on Lyrica or Neurontin to help wean off Klonopin for good.
7170	9.0	After a run of horrific life experiences, I had terrible panic attacks and went to hospital emergency several time thinking I was having a heart attack. Interestingly, I started on 15mg and could hardly wake during the day, missed meetings and appointments as I'd sleep through them.  My doctor told me that paradoxically, the drowsiness tends to stop at a higher dose.  I started 30mg and almost immediately my energy in the morning came back.  I haven't had any panic attacks and have achieved more in the last 6 months than I had the 3 years prior.   I'm laughing and enjoying life. If you feel tired and low in energy on the low dose, then ask your doctor about a higher dose.  Don't give up on this. This medicine has given me my life back.
7171	10.0	"I have been on many medications and this seems to be working the best. So far so good and only getting better. I have never really been depressed but I did feel weird and used to worry all the time and couldn't work out why (ANXIETY). I have been misdiagnosed with ADHD and BI Polar. All those medications made me worse (Zyprexa, Lovan, Lithium, Carbamazapine, Effexor). I now take 15mg of mirtazapine before bed and have accomplished more in 6 weeks then I have in years because I don't have that weird feeling hovering around me anymore. I think it would be wise for parents with ""ADHD"" kids to get another opinion because it could just be anxiety causing concentration problems."
7172	10.0	"After being prescribed Zoloft, Lexapro, etc., over the past 5 years for my ""anxiety"", I finally found this medication actually chills my constant anxiety.  Mind you, I have never been depressed.  I take it at night before bed (15 mg), and it slowly puts me to sleep, unlike Ambien. I do have vivid dreams but I wake up feeling well rested and with energy.  Unlike Ambien, which stayed with me the next day and zapped my energy.  I say, please give this a try for your anxiety.  If you are more depressed, you might need another medicine.  I found all the antidepressants I've tried for my anxiety, make me more anxious and oddly, depressed.  I hope this helps those with mild to moderate anxiety, as it did myself."
7173	9.0	I started on Zoloft, which only made the anxiety worse. Got put on Remeron after a hospital stay and it has changed my life. Started at 15mg and then shortly after increasing to 30mg. I did gain 30lbs on it due to craving sweets constantly so I tried switching to Effexor, only again having my anxiety going out of control again. I went back on Remeron 30mg and I am back to my old self. I sleep very well on this medication which for me is so much nicer despite the weight gain.
7174	8.0	At first it was great for sleep which is the cause of my anxiety. I'm having some good night's and a couple of bad nights more good than bad.
7175	9.0	I was prescribed venalfaxine and after 10 days I experienced terrifying symptoms. I stopped taking it immediately, to the annoyance of the psychiatrist who had given  it. He then prescribed mirtazapine which I took at 15mg for 2 weeks with some success.  After 10 days on Mirt I had three nights of heigtened anxiety, although nothing as bad as before taking the mirt. The psychiatrist then suggested upping my mirt to 30mg. I did this for 2 nights and felt dreadful. Last night I reverted to 15mg and I intend to stay on it. I think it is worth remembering that taking drugs that 'mess with our heads' is not like taking pain killers. If 15mg is good it does not mean that 30mg is better.
7176	7.0	I started taking 15 mg at night about 6 weeks ago for anxiety/insomnia and mood problems. I started to feel some relief after just a few and have begun to feel a lot better as time goes on, my doctor advised me to increase my dosage to 30 mg (1 pill) after 2 weeks but I found it was too much for me and got quite overwhelmed by the way I felt whilst at work one day which was not a pleasant experience! However since going back down to half a tablet each night things have really leveled out for me! My anxiety is much much lower and I don't feel depressed at all. At present, for me the best part is being able to sleep well most nights as lack of sleep was becoming a real problem, do have to watch my food and alcohol intake but that's a good thing!
7177	8.0	This medicine has been awesome for me. Depression and anxiety seemed to just go away after about a month. I started on 7.5mg then slowly went up to 30mgs. Don't mix with alcohol. And being a writer...the dreams (very vivid) are inspiring and wonderful to experience.
7178	9.0	So far so good.... been on all sorts of anti depressants and this one works the best! No sexual decrease like others. I do want to eat all the time but I work out and am very active.  I sleep so much better now and my anxiety and panic attacks are gone. I was also prescribed 2mg Valuim which I rarely take now because of Remeron. Been taking 4 weeks now.
7179	10.0	I have been put on many different anxiety medicines for the past 20 years now, many with bad side affects, then Dr. tried me on mirtazapine 3 years ago. I love this medicine. It is the only one that works for me with no side effects. I only weigh 100 lbs and take 45 mg a night with no side effects at all from the start of taking it 3 years ago. I sleep like a baby and wake up full of energy.
7180	9.0	"I am taking mirtazapine for anxiety for the past 5 months now. After 3 weeks of start of this medicine, my anxiety was gone until couple days ago. All of a sudden I started getting anxiety attacks and palpitations. It feels like the effect of medicine is gone. I am seeing my doctor in a week and lets see what he suggests. Currently taking Xanax to control my anxiety. 
I have experienced that whenever I have anxiety, 5 minutes of workout (treadmill or fast walking) it does help relieve my anxiety. Try it."
7181	9.0	Mirtazapine its amazing medicine my anxiety and depression its all gone now. This medicine is 10/10.
7182	6.0	At first Remeron was amazing. Felt so much better in a short period of time. After being on it approximately 6 weeks I began to develop horrible leg pain. Random joint pain in elbows, hands, knees. My fingers also started to swell. As soon as I was off and out of my system these side effects went away. If not for the side effects I would still be on it. I've just about run the line with these medicines and don't seem to tolerate any very well.
7183	10.0	I was originally put on this to boost my poor appetite----and accidentally changed my life for the better!  I sleep through the night, don't have that drugged feeling, I don't get road rage or stress anymore but can still fully feel all human emotions when pressed, including anxiety and anger.  Just on a more normal scale.  
7184	7.0	Eating all the time hope this goes when I can go outside by myself.
7185	8.0	I started with minor anxiety attacks then kept going up to the point that I ended up at the hospital many times. I thought I was having a heart attack but to find out later that it was anxiety. My Dr prescribe me mirtazapine and after a few weeks most signs of anxiety where gone. I also take sleeping pills for chronic insomnia. They didn't help at all with the anxiety problems, but once I started mirtazapine I noticed a big change and it helps with my sleeping problems as well. If you have major panic attacks ask your DR. if mirtazapine is an option for you because in my case it helped so much. I was able to go back to work and I wasn't afraid to go out in public places like I was when a victim of anxiety attacks.
7186	10.0	"Only been on 15 mg for a week now and just upped to 30mg.
Warning do not mix this with alcohol when you first start you will not be able to walk. Take this at night. Fantastic sleep aid and WOW, Such vivid crazy and wonderful dreams. For me so far 10 times better than any SSRI antidepressant. I've probably been taking anxiety medicine for the last 6 years. This medicine should be first line prescription when anxiety is presented. Also taking 300 mg pregabalin at the moment, once a day which I quite like.
I'll rate again in a month or two but for now it's a Definite 10!"
7187	8.0	I loved this medication, but sadly after taking it for 2 weeks I had the worst menstrual pain in my life. So I re-tried it after that time of the month and the next menstrual cycle was the same, but this medicine made the panic attacks go away, I slept well, my appetite improved, and my mood lifted. The first week is the worst. On it you feel like a zombie but that goes away. I tried all the SSRI's and they made me SO sick...severe nausea, diarrhea, headaches, sweating, felt crazy, made my panic very severe. I wish so much that I could take Remeron it would have saved my life I am sure I felt great on it except the menstrual side effects and the doctor said I couldn't take it for that reason.
7188	10.0	I've been taking the medicine for 1 week now. I read all the stories but for me it works great. I sleep more, less anxious, my appetite now.... check this out I used to wake up starving, eating until I fell back to sleep. Would wake up at 5 every morning like clock work, I hated it. Now on the medicine, I don't wake up hungry.
7189	7.0	Have been on 30mg mirtazapine for almost a year now, it has made my anxiety stop completely.
7190	3.0	"Remeron worked for me for maybe a month or so, but I then began becoming very angry and full of rage for very little reason, if any! I had expressed my feelings with my Dr. and he said he was not really familiar with these side effects.
After a few weeks, I realized I should google these feelings and wow. Exactly the same feelings I was going through.
"
7191	10.0	I have taken this medicine for 7 years. Gained lots of weight, now on Weight Watchers Diet and lost 16lbs so far.  Very happy now. At 45mg had bad restless legs, reduced to 30mg and sleep great 9 or 10 hours. Had intolerable insomnia my entire life before.  Wonder what would happen if reduced it to 15 mg. Also added 20 mg Prozac for daytime energy and works great.
7192	7.0	Improved the physical and mental symptoms I had with anxiety/depression but in a reduced dose. More than 10 mg would keep me too drowsy and make me forgetful. I have been on it for 19 years and have tried to get off it several times but my physical symptoms (stomach cramping) return after a few days. The generic form was far less effective. Does cause constipation with me.
7193	8.0	I was prescribed mirtazapine 3 days ago for anxiety, I was losing weight and not sleeping very well, I feel better already, sleeping well and eating more (which is a good thing for me as I want to gain 14 lbs) haven't had any side effects as yet.
7194	9.0	I was prescribed this by my new doctor for severe anxiety and resultant depression of two years. Sleep had been disturbed and appetite was very low. I had lost 12Kg (63 to 51) in two years and was not myself. I have been taking it for 8 days and I am feeling better, eating and looking forward to my future again. I take before I sleep - sleep is sound but vivid dreams (not bad, just stranger than usual). This is okay as previously I had very distressing dreams. It has not affected my libido as the SSRI I tried last year did. Feeling more positive and relaxed on Mirtazepine.
7195	10.0	For many years I've have been juggling medicines from Lexapro, Xanax, Zoloft, along with Lunesta for sleep. Had anxiety along with depression, couldn't sleep and was losing weight. 3 weeks ago my doctor prescribed Remeron to me and within a week I was like a new person. Depression and anxiety lessen and my sleep is great. This has been a miracle for me. Yes I am gaining weight but I needed to. My quality of life is so much better.
7196	8.0	I've been on this medicine for about 2 years now. I started out on it for anxiety/depression at 15mg. It worked great for a while. My depression is gone but my anxiety still has its times where it is bad and uncontrollable. After about a year my dose was increased to 30mg for anxiety. It worked great again this time for a couple of months, but it still creeped back. After awhile I was seeing a new psychiatrist and she tried putting me on Fluvoximine to try getting me off of Remeron. I liked the feeling of the new medicine but I felt nausea and upset stomach for about a week and a half. So she put me back on Remeron 30mg but I only took 15mg and I felt better than before when I was on 30mg. In all, this medicine has worked great for me.
7197	5.0	I suffer from anxiety, low mood, and Cardiophobia. I started on Citalopram which affected my heart (palpitationss, racing, etc.) and so stopped taking it. Next in line was Sertraline. Although this medicine had no side-effects, neither did it help my anxiety. I am now on Mirtazapine 15mg nightly. 1st tab I felt like a zombie with bad headache but anxiety symptoms disappeared like magic. 2nd tab I started to feel the palpitations creeping slowly back and just prayed that it was due to the anxiety, although I felt much better. Took 3rd tab tonight and the palpitations are definitely back with a vengeance, I feel really groggy and clumsy. I hope the palpitations will decrease over time as this medicine is great for anxiety although no point taking them if they make heart-related anxiety worse.
7198	9.0	I was drinking heavy to combat anxiety for years. Remeron sorted me out. Still drank now and again but in general felt good about myself. I've tried lots of anti-anxiety medicines and this one is the best. Weight gain but makes me happy so a small price to pay. One last thing when on this I would look in the mirror and feel good about myself for the first time in years. Good medicine.
7199	10.0	I was on Citalopram for a year because for my clinical depression and it did help, but it didn't do much for anxiety as I have social anxiety disorder. My doctor prescribed Mirtazapine and I responded to it and my anxiety symptoms has diminished. I used to get very nauseous, loss of appetite and insomnia because of my anxiety, but Mirtazapine pretty much did the job. I'm pleased that I finally got the right medication!
7200	9.0	This has been a lifesaver for me for anxiety and insomnia.  I was on Zoloft 75mg for the last 5 months and it was of little benefit.  I've only been on 7.5 mg of Remeron for 7 days but the results have been great, (still also on 75mg of Zoloft). Remeron gives me a good 8-9 hours of sleep every day, a strong appetite (I lost 25 pounds in 5 months when I began to have these problems).  My energy level is returning to normal.  90% of my anxiety is gone.  It is nothing short of a miracle.  Yes, I feel a bit groggy &amp; dopey for an hour or two after I wake up but that is a small price to pay for me getting my life back.
7201	10.0	Suffered from anxiety and depression for 3 months with over 20 side effects. Took citalopram and Prozac but both only worsened my side effects. Finally doctor gave me mirtazapine and almost overnight I seemed to improve. Had my first full sleep in 3 months and felt like eating again. Slowly over the course of 1 week all side effects left me and within 2 weeks I was more or less off the medicine. 3 months later I lead my old life again. If you suffer from sleep and have lost your appetite due to anxiety give this a go. Good luck
7202	2.0	Was on Remeron for 3 months. It worked at first as I noticed anxiety lessening, but after three months it has lost it's efficacy. My anxiety skyrocketed, and Remeron has done nothing for it. Thank goodness I didn't have any side effects from the Remeron, aside from increased appetite. I think Remeron should be used for depression and not anxiety, so if anxiety is your major issue I'd go with an SSRI.
7203	7.0	I was prescribed 22.5mg of Mirtazapine for anxiety and depression approx. 10 months ago. At first I was quite happy with it. Helped with depression and anxiety. However, in the last couple of months my depression has returned along with anxiety. My Dr. increased the dose to 30mg a month but I have experienced no improvement. I do take Ativan (0.5mg) when required which does help the anxiety but I am reluctant to take it too often. 
7204	6.0	I have had cravings and weight gain on Remeron. The cravings are mostly for carbs at night. I am taking this medication for Anxiety and Insomnia. I really don't see any change as far as the Anxiety but it does help me sleep. For the weight gain I am increasing exercise and putting healthy snacks in the fridge and cabinet like jello, pudding, etc.
7205	8.0	After 10 years on SSRIs, my doctor switched me to Remeron. It works well for me for anxiety and depression. It does give me ridiculous levels of restless leg syndrome about an hour after I take it, but that's really the only bad side effect. It does not kill libido or cause delayed orgasm like Lexapro did for me. I think it's a good medicine and surprised that it isn't more of a first line medication. It does make you want to eat everything in sight, so you have to have willpower to control that urge but I am able to keep that in check.
7206	8.0	Been on it 2 weeks for anxiety, insomnia and depresion, 30mg at night. Love it. Sleep like a baby, wake up refreshed and energy levels have risen, feel so happy, not feeling high or anything, just seem to feel normal, which I haven't felt in 10 years, only kind of downside is that I can't stop eating! And not sugars and carbs! I eat almost anything that is available to me, if there is only a bag of salad in the fridge I will eat the whole thing! The last time I had an appetite like this I was a very active teenager. I've already gained half a stone in 2 weeks and I was 11 stone to start with. My family are all overweight and I'm just a little worried I wont be able to control it! Help please.
7207	9.0	I have been on 15 mg mirtazapine for 12 years and it almost totally cured my panic attacks. They had been getting so severe. I want to go off it, but my doctor says my attacks will probably come back if I do. So occasionally, I start to wean myself off, but always with the same result- returning anxiety/panic. So I think it works wonders for me, but the weight gain is a struggle.
7208	10.0	For two years, I have had chronic nausea that starts about an hour after waking up and lasts through mid afternoon. It is so bad I usually have to skip lunch. For various reasons, I believed it was anxiety-related, and after some research, asked my doctor if I could try mirtazapine due to its anti-anxiety, antiemetic, and appetite-stimulating properties. I could not be happier! The nausea was better the first day after taking it, and within two or three days was totally gone. I finally have my appetite back, too. I don't know that I'd recommend this medicine to people who are overweight, but for those who can afford or even want to gain weight it can be a lifesaver!
7209	9.0	"I have been on mirtazapine for nearly a year now. I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression and had had reactions to other anti-depressants I had tried. After I had gone with very little sleep for a few days, my doctor prescribed me with mirtazapine. The first night I took it, I had 14hrs sleep which was such a blessing. Before this I was so bad at one point it felt like I was having constant panic attacks and felt I was going mad but mirtazapine really helped me, when I literally thought I would never get better.
I still have the odd bad nights sleep and panic attack now but nowhere near as bad. I have also put on 2 stone since I started with it but looking back on how I was, this is a small price to pay."
7210	8.0	I was suffering extreme anxiety, weight loss and insomnia due to a diagnosed medical condition.  I tried several sleep aids and SSRIs.  Nothing worked.  Because of the weight loss I was prescribed Remeron.  It was a Miracle for me!  I slept through the night for the first time in months, relieved anxiety and I started gaining weight.  Over time, my anxiety went away, but I stayed on because I loved having an appetite (I had no appetite for years).  I guess I stayed on too long.  After 6 years I decided I should get off.  I was dependent. I suffered flu like symptoms for weeks--nausea, exhaustion, gastrointestinal upset, feeling like low-grade fever.  I finally got rid of the nausea, but if I'm off for 2 weeks, the gastrointestinal upset creeps in.  I now take 3.25mg 1X week.
7211	7.0	Crazy, vivid dreams.  Dry mouth and insatiable thirst.  Increased appetite which subsided after a few weeks - stock your fridge with healthy food only or you will stack on the weight.  Can sleep the entire night without waking however oversleeping is a problem (10 hours) and I don't want to get out of bed (the vivid dreams are more exciting than life).  Less anxiety.  Increased concentration, less procrastination.  Sensation in my eyes (dry?) - people say I always look tired.  Restless leg syndrome for first month of treatment.  I'm surprised nobody on this forum has mentioned vivid dreams.  
7212	10.0	"After 4 LONG years of ""experimenting"" with Lexapro, Paxil and benzos on and off with my regular MD, I decided to see a Psychiatrist that's very popular in my city. I told him my symptoms and that I was also going through Ativan tolerance withdrawal. He prescribed me Remeron and agreed to wean me off the Ativan properly. I don't know why my regular MD didn't try this miracle medicine on me! GRR!! This changed me overnight. It has STOPPED my nervous stomach and I'm eating again. I sleep good too. A few side effects would be the flashing lights you see when you close your eyes the 1st night I took it, and restless legs and vivid dreams but those are slowly disappearing. This medicine has helped me drastically."
7213	2.0	My doctor put me on Remeron trying to ween me off of Xanax and it was a horrible alternative. It gave me one of the worst panic attacks I've ever had. Once I eventually fell asleep, waking up the next morning was quite difficult as it felt like I was hit with a train.
7214	9.0	"I just started this medicine two weeks ago.  I'm 5'5"" and 99 lbs.  I was suffering also from extreme anxiety.  I've used one to two mgs of Xanax to sleep for years.  The sleep doctor I see decided to add Remeron to the Xanax and I'm so pleased with the results in so far as anxiety and especially my appetite.  I've gained 5 lbs in the first two weeks and would like to get back to about 118lbs or so. "
7215	9.0	It is the only medicine that helps me sleep on time and for 7 to 8 hours.
7216	10.0	I have been on mirtazipine for four years. It saved my life. I fall asleep within thirty minutes of taking the medication. I had anxiety with agoraphobia for five years, I can come and go as I please now. I am not able to lose weight, and I do have an appetite all the time it seems. Give yourself time to get used to the medication, and make sure you are taking enough of it. I had to take 60 mg at one time, I am now down to 45. Please do not drink alcohol, it will reverse the effects of the anti-anxiety, and alcohol is just not good for anxiety or depression ever. Good luck!
7217	9.0	"Had a problem with anxiety after a major surgical complication. Doctor 1st tried a SSRI (Escitalopram). Wow, HUGE increase in anxiety and a full on panic attack. No previous psych history before this. Had to stop after 3 doses. Once I settled down tried some mirtazapine at low dose (7.5 mg). Now we're talking! Almost immediate relief of anxiety and no side effects at all!

Here's a tip. Mirtazapine can be very sedating in some due to its anti-histamine effect. 1st try 50 mg of Benadryl in the daytime on a day you can afford to crash if needed. If the Benadryl zonks you avoid mirtazapine; if you aren't too sedated it is worth a try."
7218	2.0	Remeron helped my anxiety, but came with side effects. The worst was an uncontrollable appetite and subsequent weight-gain. But everyone is different.
7219	8.0	"I was previously on Escitalapram (10mg) but was experiencing sexual dysfunction as a side effect. After discussing this with my psychiatrist I was put on 30mg on 
Mirtazapine. After reading some of the reviews I was reluctant about changing but started my new treatment 5 days ago. So far so good, 
My sexual functioning has returned, I'm feeling generally more relaxed and carefree and am also fine in the mornings. I used to suffer in the mornings which would destroy my whole day and result in severe depression and suicidal thoughts and massive anxiety. 
Drawback are that I'm getting some really weird dreams and fee hungry a whole lot more, also dizzy and it sometimes takes me a while to sleep. "
7220	3.0	I have taken mirtazapine for two weeks now, upped to 15mgs after one week.  No real side effects - no zombiness, no hunger but no real improvement in anxiety yet either.  Really hoping that its just early days as citalopram was a nightmare for me.
7221	7.0	I suffer from insomnia and anxiety and was prescribed this as a sleep aid in a hospital once, which is when I discovered the pill's wonderful added bonus as having a slightly noticeable anti-anxiety effect. Usually doctors mention that when prescribing a new medicine, but this really was a great bonus. I just didn't like the weight gain, TOTAL mind/body grogginess and increased hunger ALL the following day. So I appreciated the anxiety effect and the help with sleep, but those effects (when pill is taken for a few months) slowly fade and no longer help. I pop one every so often when I need sleep now, but cannot rely on sleep medicines anymore due to such hangovers, so am off all night time medicines now. But this drug wasn't too bad for a while. Just be prepared to lose your tiny figure!
7222	1.0	My doctor gave me this for anxiety and depression. I took half of a 15mg pill as directed and slept for 16 hours and everytime I stood up I felt like I was going to pass out. I was unable to care for my daughter and had to have her grandma come take care of her till the side effects wore off later that evening. It was just a horrible drug for me but I know everyone is different so it may work well for someone else.
7223	10.0	Started taking mirtazapine a month ago for generalized anxiety disorder. This drug really helped me in a number of ways. My insomnia disappeared, my anxiety was greatly reduced allowing me to carry out day to day activities without living in constant fear of my anxiety raising its ugly head. The 1st 2 weeks I felt very tired and hungry but after that my mood was greatly lifted and I could enjoy life once again.
7224	2.0	I have a panic disorder and my doctor put me on the Remeron. I thought it was great at first. It caused my panic attacks to slow down and my anxiety to die down. Then the side effects started. I had an increased appetite and put on nearly 30lbs. I didn't mind that, but then it also began causing me to become very irritable. I started feeling like I was going into blind rages. I immediately contacted my doctor and switched medicines. Use caution.
7225	7.0	I am taking this medication in combination with thorazine, I take the Remeron at night due to the sleepiness, the thorazine in the day and also in combination at night. I was not aware of the weight gain effects of the Remeron, but now I realize that both are causing weight gain. As far as the help with sleeplessness, this has been the only one that has helped.
7226	10.0	Remeron helps my depression, sleeplessness, and anxiety. All 3 in 1. I love it!
7227	10.0	Taking Remeron at night and Effexor in the morning helped me a lot.  Before I started it, it took me 2-4 hours to fall asleep every night, which left me with six hours of sleep at most.  Now I'm able to fall asleep easily and sleep through the night.  I never had any trouble with the side effects so it worked out well for me.
7228	7.0	Helps greatly with my anxiety attacks and puts me in a coma like sleep. Been taking it for a month the only problem I have is I remain sleepy almost to a zombie like state all day. I still get very dizzy to the point of being nauseated while lying down. I really like this medicine but don't think it is right for me because of my conditions and looks like it has interactions with 3 of my other medication.
7229	9.0	I have been taking for 16 months.  I was having low-mid level anxiety, loss of appetite and insomnia.  Remeron cured the insomnia and appetite immediately.  Anxiety was much less within a couple of weeks and gone within a month or so.  Constipation occurred for about a week and then went away.  I have gained weight over the last year but am changing my diet to be more healthy (no white sugar or white flour, etc.) so that I am losing some weight now.
7230	9.0	"I had been taking Remeron for about 4 years for severe anxiety
and insomnia. It works great and gets you back on a normal sleep
patern right away. Yes, the side effects do get less and less after a few week. I have stopped using it now."
7231	10.0	I take these specifically for anxiety and it works like a dream for me. I wanted to go on something that was not addictive and I didn’t want anything that made me feel like a zombie. I wish more doctors would use medications like this as a first line treatment as it doesn’t take 4-6 weeks to get to a therapeutic level like antidepressants and there is not a risk of dependence like there is with benzodiazepines.
7232	8.0	I was prescribed this medicine for irregular heartbeat, but also noticed that it greatly affects my anxiety too. I would highly recommend it.
7233	9.0	This pill slows my heart down and relaxes me. I actually feel calm. I also take 0.5 Xanax with this and Wellbutrin 200mg. I have agoraphobia and these pills together help me function NORMALLY. YES CAN YOU BELIEVE IT **NORMALLY**. I never thought normal would ever be in my vocab.
7234	9.0	This was prescribed for hypertension, and so far as I can tell I have had no problems with it. I cannot say whether it helps with anxiety, although my doctor said to take one when I felt as though my heart was racing. It seemed to help, but I do not know whether it was because of the Tenormin or the placebo effect.
7235	10.0	͏Li͏f͏e saver indeed. Sometimes I feel as if I can’t breathe and small places freak me out so this medication cures that !
7236	10.0	I suffer from severe depression and anxiety brought on by cancer and anti - hormone drugs. This drug helps me with the panic attacks and anxiety I tend to get almost daily.  When I take this medication my attacks are less severe.
7237	10.0	I was very young and I would get a feeling of not being able to breathe so I would lay down breathe slowly and that was not helping me anymore so I was put on Xanax I didn't even have to take all that was perscribed that is how well it helped
7238	10.0	This medication works great for anxiety if taken the correct way.
7239	10.0	I take these specifically for anxiety and it works like a dream for me. I wanted to go on something that was not addictive and I didn’t want anything that made me feel like a zombie. I wish more doctors would use medications like this as a first line treatment as it doesn’t take 4-6 weeks to get to a therapeutic level like antidepressants and there is not a risk of dependence like there is with benzodiazepines.
7240	8.0	I am a hypochondriac, I fear that I am dying of something all the time. I got on atenolol for my anxiety, I take it sometimes twice daily. I find that it lowers my heart rate which calms me down since I am not worrying what I could possibly have. I like it a lot. It is a nice small pill that I take and I have had a heart rate in the 50s from it... But it usually is more subtle and does not move the number of beats per minute that much. It makes me not worry about my pulse.
7241	8.0	"Let me start off by saying that I've done my research on Atenolol--it doesn't have the greatest track record, and there's a lot of evidence coming out saying that it doesn't actually protect your heart or arteries from damage.

But Atenolol is the only thing that has worked to control my heart. I used to have high BP (160/100) and tachycardia at times, but as soon as I started taking Atenolol, it was like I was normal again. And I can definitely tell a difference when I stop taking it.

I get a little shortness of breath very infrequently and my pulse is sometimes under 60bpm, but it's the one drug that has worked for years. I wish I could find something better/more effective, but I haven't yet. Tried Losartan, Vasartan, and a few others."
7242	8.0	Works very well for physcial symptoms of anxiety. Heart palps are under control and blood pressure and heart rate are now excellent. I only need 12.5-25 mg once a day. Great med.
7243	10.0	I was given this in 200mg for Mitral valve prolapse and Regurgitation. I had suffered with panic attack and anxiety for years. What a gift for me...it unbeknownst to me treats anxiety... I no longer suffer from it. Nothing short of miracle to me!
7244	8.0	I started taking atenolol (25 mg) right after Thanksgiving for heart palpitations. When I saw the Dr he said I had sinus tachycardia, but I also have severe panic disorder. I can tell a big difference. I will have a palpitation every now and then but my resting heart rate is down. I haven't noticed that my anxiety is down so I still take my .25 xanax when I need it. I also haven't noticed any side effects other than a little dizziness and a little chest tightness. Its kind of been a life saver because my palpitations would put me in a panic attack. I would recommend this to anyone that would benefit from it.
7245	10.0	"Atenolol put me back in the game. Prior to having this prescription I could only rarely drive across bridges. My work output was low because I had too many panic attacks to even go to work more than 2 days a week.

Anyway its been great!"
7246	1.0	"was prescribed this for tremor (due to seizure Rx). had been on primadone, which worked well. atenolol caused dizziness, extreme vertigo, anxiety, suicidal thoughts, chest pains, tightness when trying to breathe. I fainted. MD told me to go off it. After fainting, called pharmacist. He said ""get to the ER"" and ""why are you on a beta blocker?"" I didn't know atenolol was a beta blocker. Not supposed to take those due to having asthma. In ER, my BP was 188/88. Usually is around 123/63. Took 4 hours, IV etc. to get BP down to 158/78. They released me but said to tell MD never to put me on betas again."
7247	10.0	I have been taking the generic Tenormin (atenenol) for probably 32 years now.  25 mg.  I take it at night.  Never had a problem, EXCEPT when I could not see my doctor and had to see someone else in the practice.  He thought I should get off the drug; said there were new better things.  He took me off it and I was going on vacation the next day or so.  Worse vacation ever.  I thought I was dying.  My heart was pounding.  I thought I would die up in the mountains.  Got back on Atenol when I got back home.  Everything was normal.  If I accidently miss a day or so, I can tell the difference.  I don't know about all the side effects other people have had, but it works great for me.
7248	1.0	Was ok for many months then terrible, debilitating nausea. Given nausea was a symptom of my anxiety and gastroparesis I thought my symptoms were coming back. TERRIBLE experience. Keep in mind, people, side effects can crop up at any time, not necessarily at the beginning of treatment.
7249	9.0	This drug helped eliminate my panic attacks and also keeps me calm throughout the day. Haven't had tachycardia a while. Currently taking 12.5. I definitely recommend atenolol for anxiety.
7250	9.0	I was actually prescribed Atenoprol for my high blood pressure but a week after starting, I was sitting in a board room about to present and noticed that I was surprisingly calm. For years  I had suffered with panic attacks and severe anxiety when making presentations which I have to do frequently at work...So horribly embarrassing and uncontrollable.  My bp is down too and do far no side effects.
7251	3.0	It help with the palpitations cause by anxiety but the side effects are horrible .they includes being dizzy,upset stomach,tired and pain. Really trying to get off soon.
7252	10.0	This is an awesome medication for panic attacks with palpitations...it simply eliminates them very safe and effective...ask your doctor about this wonder drug....only 4 bucks a month at Target who by the way run an awesome Pharmacy
7253	1.0	"I am diagnosed with PTSD - two usual traits that come with PTSD are depression and anxiety. Due to the anti depressant I'm taking (zoloft 50mg) , I experienced a slight but uncomfortable raise in blood pressure which contributed to my anxiety. I saw my general doctor and qualified for atenolol 25mg. It has worked miraculously with no side effects. What I like about atenolol is that it is not digested by the same liver enzymes which digest zoloft - so there is no risk of atenolol levels competing with zoloft for bonding sites . I feel a lot calmer , and don't experience as much agitation and irritability as I used to. 

Performers, over coming stage fright is part of the challenge. stop cheating ."
7254	8.0	This is the best drug ever. I was prescribed this because I had rapid and forceful heartbeating due to panic and anxiety. Then I eliminated my panic attacks, while also lowering my blood pressure AND eliminating my daily headaches. This drug is amazing 50mg
7255	10.0	I use Atenolol for my hyper thyroid tremors rapid heart and it works wonders. Its hard to find a pill that works for so many things
7256	9.0	Very helpful for performance anxiety when taken together with 0.5mg Xanax, no more racing heart, palpitation, sweating hands, running out of the room feeling when doing presentation in front group of people, better than propanolol since this does not cause wheezing on me.
7257	1.0	Awful drug so dizzy all the time cant walk or shower. Has made my anxiety and panic attacks worse. Agoraphobia is coming back now . Sick gut all the time. Put on it in er for afib. Wish to god id never been put on this evil drug. Xanax no longer work on these either. Beware.
7258	9.0	I was originally prescribed atenolol for mitral valve prolapse but it does an excellent job of helping me manage physical anxiety symptoms as well. Shakes, sweats, hot flashes, palpitations are all greatly reduced. I also have glaucoma and have noticed a slight decrease in my Intraocular Pressure while taking atenolol. Overall, a very valuable medicine with many benefits.
7259	10.0	Work great for anxiety and stage fright. No side effects.
7260	9.0	I was prescribed atenolol for an irregular heartbeat and it worked like a charm. I have not had an episode since I started it. I also noticed a pronounced calming effect as well, which I wasn't expecting but has been welcome. The only side effect I notice is an increase in urinary urgency.
7261	8.0	I was prescribed this medicine for irregular heartbeat, but also noticed that it greatly affects my anxiety too. I would highly recommend it.
7262	9.0	This pill slows my heart down and relaxes me. I actually feel calm. I also take 0.5 Xanax with this and Wellbutrin 200mg. I have agoraphobia and these pills together help me function NORMALLY. YES CAN YOU BELIEVE IT **NORMALLY**. I never thought normal would ever be in my vocab.
7263	8.0	Did the trick for a racing heart due to social anxiety.  Watch for side effects if you take it daily.  My pulse slowed too much so had to switch to propranolol but otherwise helped me a lot.
7264	9.0	I have been taking Atenolol (50mg) for a month or so now. There was an immediate drop in blood pressure and my anxiety has lessened so that I need my Xanax much less often.  One thing I have noticed is that I wake up a few times a night with pain in whatever shoulder I have been sleeping on.  It feels like joint pain and lasts for about an hour after awakening.  Otherwise it does not effect my sleep. Another side effect is that, an hour after taking it, I yawn and my eyes water.  Also, the first two weeks I took it I had diarrhea when previous to that I was constipated, but that has subsided.
7265	9.0	This was prescribed for hypertension, and so far as I can tell I have had no problems with it. I cannot say whether it helps with anxiety, although my doctor said to take one when I felt as though my heart was racing. It seemed to help, but I do not know whether it was because of the Tenormin or the placebo effect.
7266	8.0	"Very good for stage fright, or fear of flying because it does not impair functioning, many people don't ""notice"" it at all, but are noticeably calmer."
7267	10.0	I used to suffer from panic attacks.  They occurred mostly at work.  I tried Clonazepam, but it just made me have sleepy panic attacks.  Clonazepam worked perfectly for regular anxiety though.  Librium worked like a charm.  My psych put me on 2 doses per day of 25 mg.  I would take one dose 1/2 hour before getting to work and another 2 hours later.  That didn't cover a long enough period so she increased to 3 doses per day.  I'm finding that I need 4 doses per day as my panic attacks would normally happen any time between 9am and 1pm.  Since taking it I have not had any panic attacks.
7268	10.0	Librium saved my life. I am very thankful.
7269	7.0	Currently my medication regimen is a mess. I take xanax 1 mg twice a day, and 2mg at bedtime. And valium 5mg at 5pm and 10mg at 9pm plus ambien 10mg! And I just tried a 10mg librium and I slept very well for the first time in months any ideas?
7270	10.0	"I'd suffered from ongoing anxiety and found my usual antidepressants were not working anymore. Also I was going through a very stressful period, and not sleeping or eating well.
My GP prescribed librium for a short period of time. I found it really effective. My sleep and appetite returned and I was coping much better with anxiety. It's been two weeks now and I am going to ask if I can continue taking it for a bit longer.
I have had no noticeable side effects."
7271	1.0	Librium hasn't worked at all for me. I'm taking 10mg four times a day and I still get anxeity.
7272	10.0	I have Panic Attack Disorder and anxiety.I use Librium on and off as needed. It works wonderfully. Makes me calm in about 20 minutes and I feel I can control the rest of the day. I take 5mg as needed. When I take it as needed it doesn't have side effect.
7273	9.0	"Experienced a major, full-blown panic attack (due to stress and agoraphobia) while out with a friend. She offered Librium, two 5mg capsules. The hysteria subsided fairly quickly, but I could not stop crying, &amp; could not breathe. Two more Librium stabilised me completely. When I told my doctor, she ""told"" me rather than asking me that I slept for the remainder of that day. Nooooo....I've been telling her for MONTHS that it takes high doses of 4 different meds for me to sleep. One of those is Klonopin. For 10 years I was prescribed 6mg at bedtime. New doc came in, cut me down to 4mg, upsetting my balance, making falling asleep a chore. I hope she will take into account the Librium'so positive effect."
7274	10.0	Omg! Why did it take this long (15-20) years for a doctor to prescribe this amazing medicine! I am on day 3 days, WAIT ALMOST A WEEK!, without a valium or ZANAX and I feel great! It's like the devil has left me from being a slave to my Benzo's. Driving around on a Sunday night trying to get a too soon script filled by saying I have no health insurance. It doesn't work! I feel so amazing! I do have a script for valium but I don't even want to fill it (I'm due ), but I don't freaking need it! I'm so happy! I just want to know why I only received 10pills? He also prescribed me Clonidine .1mg 4 times a day and Gabapentin 300mg twice a day. I am being compliant but Librium is a benzo! Am I going to have benzo withdrawal when I don't take Librium?
7275	10.0	I had taken Librium for around 20 years off and on for Anxiety and panic attacks. I only take a small dose but it has always been very effective. Anytime I didn't need it, it was easy to get off of it. I take if as needed. I would recommend it to anyone as it seems to have no side effects with me.
7276	10.0	My doctor will not prescribe Xanax, Klonopin, or Ativan for anxiety, but he was comfortable giving me a script for Librium (chlordiazepoxide) 25mg capsules 4x a day for my anxiety.  Worked well at the beginning, but like all benzo's, the efficacy wore off after about a month of use.  Was great while it worked and it was very inexpensive!  Tapered off then went back on it a few months later and it worked like a charm again! On and off usage for close to 5 years now.
7277	10.0	"ALOT of stress in my life, and didn't sleep at night. Always turned to alcohol to solve these problems. My doctor put me on Librium and I have been on it for just over a year now, and alcohol-free. I still worry about things, but they are easy to just let go, and I sleep every night, without waking up every hour stressing over something. One thing I will say, though, is that though it has taken the anxiety out of my life, it's like it has also taken away the joy, like ALL the color is gone, not just the darkness. I feel ""comfortably numb"" most of the time. Still, better than the way it used to be! I was prescribed 25mg 3 times per day, but I take 1 pill when I get up, split the 2nd into two 1/2 doses, then 1 pill an hr before bed."
7278	10.0	Only medicine that no side effects. Take as when required basis and have no issues.
7279	10.0	I've tried several medications for moderate  anxiety and panic attacks. Librium has worked the most reliably. Xanax and Ativan work quickly but are too short acting. Klonopin didn't do much for me. Librium starts to take effect within about a half hour, makes me calm (not high) and keeps me calm for hours.
7280	2.0	Hardly any effect on my anxiety.
7281	10.0	My spouse drove me to the ER after I had a major panic attack.  I was given 50mg of Librium and under 1/2 hour I became relieved from the attack.  After 1 to 2 hours I had felt much more secure.
7282	10.0	Have been through Klonopin, Xanax, Valium. I didn't care for the high feeling from any of these drugs. Librium has a way of mellowing me out without behaving differently. Great job of relieving my anxiety.
7283	3.0	This drug did very little for me. My Doctor prescribed it as an alternative to Xanax until a full clinical work up could be done. As a moderate to heavy drinker, he did not advise me that this is used to pull people from the disease. I don't feel like I have issues with alcoholism but it really messed me up when mixing the two. Felt stoned or comatosed. Taking the drug sober did almost nothing anyway except when I take 2 or 3 at a time and still it does not release the anxiety I have.
7284	10.0	"I have suffered from anxiety and panic disorders for all of my adult life.  When I was diagnosed with Leukemia, my level of anxiety was at at all time high, because it also caused severe bone pain.  My pain-management Doctor had some samples of Niravam. The first week I tried it, my life was changed in a huge way.  It goes to work so quickly, if most effective and the half-life of this medicine seems short, so you aren't being ""over-medicated"".  I've suggested it to others with the same disorder, but sadly, most doctors have never heard of it. I appreciate a safe, effective medication and just wish that more doctors were aware that it's more effective and no or very few side-effects, so they can benefit more patients."
7285	10.0	This is the only medication that makes me able to focus and stop obsessing on things I can't control and makes me able to be productive and active.
7286	10.0	I was prescribed this by my doctor as a fast acting release from anxiety attacks. It helped me come off all medications for my anxiety disorder, now I only take Niravam when I'm having a bad anxiety attack, which is now very rare!
7287	8.0	I have a disorder called RSD/CRPS one of the things this has affected is my hearing and sensitivity to movement so when I have to get in a large crowd or noisy environment like an airport I can take one of these and it dramatically helps since I never know when I will be in a situation like that. It is nice to be able to take a quick acting medicine to help. It does a great job
7288	10.0	Very good medication for panic attacks and severe anxiety. Works fast.
7289	10.0	I have tried it all;this works so wonderful. I have my life back.
7290	10.0	This medicine is great. I instantly start feeling calm from head to toe. I like the fact that I don't have to wait 30 minutes or so for it to kick in. I would recommend this to anyone that needs to have a day life. I also like that I can take it and still function at work.
7291	10.0	A must for anyone with panic attacks.  Works fast, gives you your life back.
7292	10.0	I have been taking Niravam for over 2 years now. This is by far the most efective treatment for anxiety/ panic attacks that I have tried. However, I am also on Lexapro, Effexor, and Cymbalta which also help combat anxiety by adjusting neurotransmiters in order to decrease the frequency of attacks. Deffinately a great med for those who truly need it!
7293	9.0	calms you down instantly
7294	10.0	After taking so many antidepressant like sertralin, Lexapro with huge side effects and ayurvedic products with little effects, yoga, meditation and everything possible to treat my GAD, I tried tramazac (tramadol HCl) based on reviews of people here. I took first dose of 50 mg. After 2 hours this medicines did miracle. It took away my anxiety, sad mood and I felt so happy. I took at 8 pm evening and its effects lasting next morning. I did not expect such positive results in just hours. I will continue this. However I have read that this is habit forming so I will take care not taking it daily. But antidepressants are also habit forming ,their withdrawal is also not very easy. But this medicine is too much effective with no side effects. I thank all the people here. I will continue to share my experience further.
7295	10.0	I have chronic anxiety and have tried many many serotonin type meds over a 15-year span and have also suffered from depression very bad reaction to the meds.Being in hard labor  I worked all my life/Concrete-Tree removals-Underground utility work/water main repair etc...I have had numerous injuries to my back/neck/knees/hands/shoulders..broke many bones (comes with the territory) I was diagnosed with Degenerative disk disease and was prescribed Ultram 50 mg got up to 400 mg down to 300 now and what a difference not just with pain but my anxiety was reduced by at least 50% and depression was gone.My alertness increased and mood was elevated.Will try to stay on medication for life.Walmart had the med for $4-$12 if no ins.
7296	10.0	I took this for pain when I had kidney stones and it wiped away my anxiety. It was incredible.
7297	10.0	"After nearly 4 months off of Tramadol (and, yes, the withdrawal was horrible) I've decided to go back on it. I don't take it for pain any longer; I take it for the brighter outlook it gives me as well as the anti-anxiety benefits. 

Like some other users, I've been on many antidepressants over the years but nothing really seemed to work so I'm off of all of the so-called FDA-approved meds. Tramadol isn't cheap ('cause I don't have a prescription and can't imagine getting one from my doctor for the reason I take it) but it IS cheaper than a visit to my psychiatrist. It makes my life smoother and I'm simply making the decision to go back to it."
7298	10.0	Began taking after minor operation to deal with pain. I told my doctor that it had a calming effect and asked if was safe to take to deal with anxiety. Been taking it for about a year. Two to four 50 mg pills per day. Some days I take none. No constipation, no insomnia.
7299	10.0	I had breast reduction surgery so I was prescribed tramadol for pain it didn't do much for pain at all but really cleared my head up and helped me get through the day. After I ran out I talked to my doctor we tried other anxiety meds before she agreed to prescribe tramadol, so I've been taking it for 4 months now 100mg a day and last Saturday I ran out and don't get a refill till April. The withdrawal is insanely bad I feel like I'm sick I can't lay still, falling asleep is a nightmare, I feel angered, no energy, I don't know what to do but I'm thinking to stop taking tramadol I can't go through the withdrawals again:/ some people say there is no withdrawal symptoms but I think it's for people who take it couple of times a week.
7300	9.0	I have been feeling very unhappy for a long time and its a struggle getting by every day. However I took 100 mg of tramadol for some chest pain once and it is like a light bulb was switched on inside me. My social anxiety is also less. However I am worried about taking it more often as I work in a sensitive field where your judgement can be called to question at any time
7301	9.0	"I have been the guinea pig, like most of us who suffer from anxiey, depression, ocd tendencies, etc.  I have tried more ""psych"" meds then I care to count.  Some did nothing.  Some made me physically sick.  One made me homicidal.  I have never been a fan of narcotics.  They too do not agree with me.  After herniated disc/back surgery 3 years ago, Dr said I needed to take at least something.  So I got Tramadol.  200mg a day. If I had pain, I was too calm and happy to notice.  Life was great!  I had energy and focus.  I was on this regimen for about 20 days.  About the third day into not taking Tramadol, I felt like hell!  Talked with PCP who pulled me off lexapro and now I take this.  Do have .5mg xanax for bad panic attacks.  I feel amazing!"
7302	9.0	"Several yrs ago I was diagnosed with severe anxiety disorder.  Had back surgery a couple yrs back and was prescribed Tramadol for pain. Turns out Tramadol (50-100 mg/day) works great for anxiety for me. If you take it for anxiety, make sure if asked that you say it is prescribed for pain as well. Several pharmacists tell me if you say it's for anxiety only, they ""have"" to report you and your MD and you both may be arrested. Not sure if the pharms are right, but if they are, it appears this is another case where a few abusers screw it up for the rest of us. It was not on the controlled substance list until very recently. In any event in my experience Tramadol is very effective to treat anxiety disorder."
7303	10.0	I was put on tramadol for pain associated with a staph and yeast infection.  Not only did it help greatly with my pain but reduced my anxiety and depression to a minimum.  I find myself getting things done more effective and happier when completing my daily tasks whether at work or at home.  I was a daily drinker and since starting tramadol I have had nothing to drink , nor do I feel the need to go back to drinking for anything.  I am also type 1 diabetic and tramadol can help lower blood sugars and keep them more stable in my experience.  Awesome medication, I take about 100mg daily.  I split the 50mg in 2 and take two 25mg doses a half an hour apart twice a day.   If I miss a dose or run out, I never have any negative experiences...
7304	9.0	I have a history of migraines &amp; Cervical Stenosis at C6-C7 with bulging of disc causing constant muscle tension in my neck/shoulders.  I have a long history of Bipolar D/O,depression &amp; anxiety &amp; recent  development of panic attacks (r/t recurrent missed miscarriages).  I have been treated with various psych/antidepressants/anti-anxiety meds over the past 23 years.  I had been prescribed various meds also to help with migraines to no avail with exception of Maxalt to relieve impending migraine episodes.  When I was prescribed Tramadol for migraines &amp; chronic muscle/neck/shoulder pain I began to see a huge decrease in my anxiety &amp; motivation &amp; wanting to face each day.  I too hope they will consider Ultram for tx of anxiety/mood d/o.
7305	8.0	"I wish doctors would prescribe for  lower dosages of opiate withdrawal instead of the also highly addictive methadone &amp; suboxone. IT WORKS.  While quitting ""cold turkey""  from morphine, I discovered that tramadol takes away about 80% of withdrawal symptoms. I took tramadol  and lopermide for 1 week, then completely quit the tramadol. It was a life saver."
7306	10.0	I have suffered with anxiety for as long as I can remember, I have tried quite a lot of anti anxiety medications. Those medications did help with the anxiety but left me feeling a bit foggy. I was prescribed tramadol for pain relief, as a pain reliever it was okay. What I did notice was my anxiety was gone and I felt very calm, not out of it just calm and focused with a very positive outlook. Hopefully more research will be done as it would seem I'm not the only person who has experienced this.
7307	10.0	"I've tried over 15 anti anxiety and anti depression medications for over 20 years along with thousands of hours of talk therapy. Last year I tried Tramadol for anxiety and it works for me. I take no other drugs, only 150mg of tramadol pretty much daily. My PCP of many years is onboard with the off label use of tramadol for this reason.  I have no side affects except for a few intestinal ""grumbles"" now and then. I'm very pleased after all these years to have something that works. I feel like I can breath easier, less fear, more positive, more relaxed but in a good way. Not sedated or sleepy. Able to do things on my own.  I hope it works for others that have been drug resistant to all the typical drugs."
7308	10.0	I approached my psychiatrist who told me he'd never heard of this off-label use for Tramadol and he would not prescribe.  I went back to my former (beloved) psychiatrist who'd stopped accepting insurance (hence the change).  He was sympathetic, but said he couldn't prescribe it, risking his license.  He suggested my G.P.  I was sure she'd say no, so I never asked until last Friday over the patient portal.  I said I needed it for chronic hip and knee pain (not untruthful) and I was surprised she prescribed.  Now I am torn about visiting her and requesting more.  I am afraid she will not give more for the stated reason and really will not give more if I divulge the true reason.  I see my psychiatrist Monday and will seek his advice.
7309	10.0	"I had two very old bottles of Tramadol stashed away because they never really worked for pain.  One day I had significant enough pain that I decided to give them a try again.  Again, it didn't do anything for the pain.  I did notice, though, that my entire outlook on life had drastically improved.  It didn't make me ""high"", but it alleviated my extreme social anxiety and made me feel positive and upbeat when I am often a person who is disappointed about waking up each day.  My son could tell when I did or didn't take it because he notices a dramatic difference in me.  I used the ones I had wisely until I ran out.  I researched online to find that I was far from being the only person who has had this experience, so... (to be continued)"
7310	10.0	"Recently we made big changes in our lives, which set off such a bad
anxiety reaction! I have dealt with this on and off for years! I was already on Tramadol for RA and a bad back.
I have been on Xanax and was put on other popular anxiety meds, but always noticed how calm my Tramadol made me.
I stopped the new meds as they did not do much! If it wasn't for my Tramadol I don't know what I would do.
I wish doctors would research this so it be subscribed for anxiety!"
7311	10.0	I take  2 50 mg of tramadol at 4 PM for backaches,thought they would be like an aspirin but wow no pain in the evenings! and I realize I have a calm mind  not wasted or anything just a feeling of calm,can stand up right away without pain in my lower back and I only need tramadol during the middle of the weekTuesday to Thursday or Wednesday to Friday,if you don't want to be a druggie use tramadol.
7312	10.0	I was prescribed Tramadol for back pain because I am allergic to NSAIDs. I was taking two 50mg tablets per day and noticed that my mental state also improved while taking this medication. My anxiety subsided and I found that I did not get upset even in stressful situations (I work in HR which is very stressful for me). It's been a miracle for me since I deal with anxiety issues almost daily. It puts me in state of calm, but I'm still me. The only side effects I've experienced while taking Tramadol have been entirely positive. I wish it was prescribed for anxiety disorders.
7313	9.0	I've been on this med for almost 6 months and the release of the chemicals is beneficial for me. But at times like any other med it seems not to work as well.  But I too perish with anxiety and major depression.  I have been diag.with fibromyalgia and what I call it.MDDWAD.Short for major depressive situations.I come to realize this med is helping me with my anxiety issues.  Who knew. Since  I have found this site now I know.  I too must keep this med going for as long as possible.Note.I do need something for pain that is more efficient but one day at a time.Right.Thanks for listening.
7314	10.0	To cut a long story short, NOTHING ELSE HAS EVER WORKED AS QUICK AND AS EFFECTIVE AS THIS MEDICATION FOR ME PERSONALLY FOR SEVERE DEPRESSION AND OR LACK OF BRAIN ENERGY. I've tried at least 5 of the mainstream top draw Antidepressants. I hope and pray my GP doesn't take me off the 100 mgs a day for fear of addiction. When is the medical and pharmaceutical community going to wake up to the amazing healing power of tramadol...
7315	9.0	I've been on norco for five years for pain. I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attacks just thought I'd share my experience. My mom takes tramadol I ran out of my norco and been thinking about other options. I just took two tramadol today my anxiety in my chest is completely gone I don't know how this happened maybe it's just a fluke  one time thing I don't know just thought I'd share this with you guys
7316	10.0	Doctor prescribed as an alternative to narcotics for pain from herniated disk in neck. Doesn't eliminate pain, but makes it tolerable. Best thing is I am not in some narcotic fog and life can continue. I was also taking lexapro for some general anxiety.  Lexapro and Tramadol are not recommended together so with Dr. we decided to eliminate Lexapro. I was never a fan due to weight gain and if I missed a dose at night I would have uncomfortable sweating and head zingers. It wasn't fun for the first week without Lexapro due to withdrawal! Didn't expect the nausea, sweats, feeling of extreme heat, head fog...feeling much more balanced and steady, and reduced pain with just Tramadol!
7317	10.0	"I've tried over 15 drugs for anxiety/depression. This is the only medication that worked. It works instantly. 
I wish it was prescribed long term for anxiety/depression. To avoid getting used to it and needing higher doses, I would take as need needed a few days a week. I think I used 100mg."
7318	10.0	I'm 32 yrs old and have been taking 50 mg of Tramadol HCL for pain associated with Thoracic Outlet Syndrome on and off for about a year now. Although it does lessen the pain, I've noticed that my brain is much more even keel after I've taken it. I have tried other anti-depressants and Xanax, but I don't like them because they make me feel like a zombie. This doesn't do that. It just clears away the anxiety fuzz, stops the attacks, and makes it so that I can actually function like a somewhat normal human again. I thought it was just me, but after seeing all of this, I know it's not. I'm going to have to talk to my doctor about it. I can't remember the last time I felt this normal. And there are NO withdrawal effects for a missed day.
7319	10.0	Tramadol was initially prescribed for pain. Didn't work at all to relieve my chronic headaches. But I noticed a lessening of stiffness from arthritis, as well as a more stable mood. Less anxiety.
7320	9.0	"I am on a tramadol dosage of 150-200mg a day for abdominal pain. Been taking it for 2 months now. Little did I know this drug is also an antidepressant. I feel absolutely great when taking it. 

It doesn't give you the same ""buzzed feel"" as a vicodin or percocet, however it puts you in a fantastic mood, relaxes you, and also works nicely on the pain without making you feel groggy or tired. 

There are some dangers associated with the drug such as seizures, so please only take under the supervision of a doctor you trust. They will know if tramadol is safe for you to take."
7321	10.0	"When I was prescribed Tramadol for abdominal pain, little did I know about the Bonus effects.

I was able to lose 20lbs in 3 months (less appetite). 

My mood became so good and I got my joy of life back. I took 50mg daily.

I felt less anxious and depressed. Mostly, I cared less about what people think of me. I started to swim and hike. My mom, who is against pills, said "" you changed so much whatever that you do, keep doing it"". I'm a 45 yo male."
7322	9.0	I was prescribed Tramadol 50 mg for headaches and TMJ pain.  However, the biggest difference this medication has made for me is the way it has helped my anxiety and depression.  It is truly amazing, and a blessing.  I have severe social anxiety but I find now that I can talk to people and actually want to socialize.  No other med has really ever helped me.  I truly wish that doctors understood how this medication helps those of us with long-standing anxiety and depression, it's a miracle.
7323	9.0	Wonderful for spasms and anxiety, where they come in a package.
7324	10.0	I suffer chronic anxiety, negative thoughts and daily panic attacks. Have taken Xanax, Klonopin, Valium and Ativan. I can't believe it but Tramadol actually works better for anxiety than all these benzos put together. I haven't taken my daily 4mg of klonopin but am feeling fantastic and very chilled on Tramadol. They should approve this stuff for both Anxiety and Depression, it's incredible.
7325	10.0	I was prescribed Tramadol for kidney stones. Took 1 each day and gradually changed.  I stopped putting my head down when I left my apartment, trying to avoid eye contact with neighbors. I was actually smiling and stopping to say hello and people were now smiling back and waving. I did not have a knot in my stomach at the thought of riding the subway.  I was not cutting short my visits to clients only to return after hours and to work so I could avoid being around people.  I felt happy and I was not ready to fight with the first person that bumped into me on the street.  It was as if something in me was broken and Tramadol somehow fixed it.  All the bad things are back and I want more Tramadol but I can't get it. thinking of asking a Doctor.
7326	9.0	I was on this medication for about a week, after a minor surgery. I'm not sure how much it did for the pain, although I think it helped. But it REALLY helped with my anxiety. I usually have moderate anxiety, though I haven't gone to a doctor for it. I was also in the middle of a bad breakup and was feeling very on edge. When I took tramadol, it calmed me down and made me think quite clearly. I could think about things I was worried about but not be anxious about it. The heavy gut, on-edge feeling went away and I felt able to confront thoughts without them overwhelming me. It was really awesome! It made me very mildly sleepy sometimes, but not badly. I've taken xanax before and felt like that made me feel more out of it than tramadol did.
7327	10.0	I've tried over 13 medications for anxiety and none have worked not even the popular benzodiazepines. I tried 100mg of Tramadol and I felt the weight lifted from me. I felt like I could breath easier and relaxed.  It's the only thing that has worked. I'm looking for a doctor now who has experience with long term use or perhaps a doctor that can recommend a medication knowing that Tramadol works for me.
7328	10.0	I'm 20 and have a combination of anxiety, mild depression, and TMJ pain. For anxiety I tried Zoloft, Xanax, Klonopin, etc. Zoloft did nothing, and while the others worked, I couldn't use them long term. Tramadol is the miracle, road-runner medication. It covers all of my conditions and covers them great. It eases my jaw pain for 4-5 hrs and my mood/anxiety is pretty much nonexistant. I also have 0 side effects and don't find it addictive. Tramadol gave me my life back and will continue to! 10 star medication!
7329	10.0	All I have to say about Tramadol is WOW. I'm 19 and have had mild depression associated with anxiety, as well as hyperhidrosis (excessive sweating). I've tried Zoloft and Lexapro for my depression/anxiety, and also have used Benzodiazepines (Xanax, Klonopin) in the past. The antidepressants did nothing, and in fact made my symptoms worse. Although Xanax and Klonopin helped, they tended to make my moods shift up and down. Tramadol works AMAZINGLY for ALL of the above conditions! I take 50-100 mg and my mood is lifted, I feel steadily relaxed all day, focused, motivated. My underarm sweating is completely gone, and I feel like I'm getting my life back. it also works great for moderate pain. No side effects! It's a miracle medicine.
7330	7.0	I recently was diagnosed with BPD. I have suffered from depression, fear of abandonment, and suicidal idiologies since I was a teenager. Last October I had a total left knee replacement. The surgeon put me on tramadol up to 8 a day. I never took that many but I did notice a change in my mood and depression. While not a panacea, tramadol (50mg) 2x a day has made a significant improvement in my symptoms especially since I am going through a breakup with my significant other.
7331	8.0	I was just recently diagnosed with fibromyalgia and was temporarily  prescribed tramadol for pain. I deal with terrible anxiety on a daily basis and it turns out since I've been taking this it has helped so much with anxiety. Although its been hard to concentrate while taking this I don't like the way it alters my mind but it's been a huge relief to be anxiety free. I havent discussed this with my doctor yet but so far I've found nothing else to help anxiety.
7332	9.0	Its hard to believe something like this can exist yet when you go to a doctor with cut up arms &amp; hearing voices, scared out of your mind, obsessed about an idea as irrational as the empty tight feeling in your chest they give you a box of antidepressants. I have always been socially awkward &amp; use to cry allot as a kid, the day dreamer who enjoyed being alone except I didn't like being alone. Tramadol gives me around 6 hours of bliss, 6 hours of clear thoughts of what is in-front of me, its amazing. a cure to unhappiness, its a shame its difficult to get, I have been on it for a year and a half, 1 50mg pill every 3 days gives me the motivation to wake up. 
7333	10.0	I've been suffering from Social anxiety disorder for years since I was 10 years old, I'm 24 now. As I got older I have been experiencing very perturbing intrusive thoughts, which I never had experienced before. Tramadol actually totally diminished them intrusive thoughts and additionally, I'm on Mirtazapine so they're effectively beneficial.
7334	8.0	"I have had pretty bad anxiety over the past 5 years, had occasional panic attacks and trouble leaving my comfort zone. I was on Lexapro, which did nothing but make me fat.  I also have a bulged disc and was prescribed this in lieu of stronger opiates like Vicodin and Percocet.  To me this medicine is a miracle.  I am happy always, never anxious, and never feel uncomfortable, even when I am doing things I don't enjoy.  

"
7335	10.0	I was having severe menstrual cramps, and took this.  Though it did nothing for my pain, the effect it had on my mood was amazing.  I have suffered with severe mood issues most of my adult life, and none of the many antidepressants I have tried did anything to help.  Within an hour of taking it, I felt normal for the first time in 15 years.  I talked to my physician, and she agreed to prescribe it off label to treat my mood disorder. I have been taking the same dose of 50 mg, three times a day for the last three years, and I am doing great.
7336	9.0	I have tried EVERYTHING for my anxiety (my symptoms stem from post traumatic stress disorder, but have also been labeled as generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder and social anxiety). Nothing has worked (aside from Benzodiazepines, which I avoid because of the sedative effect), other than Tramadol. I take 50mg a day. Recently I worried that I would run out so I tapered off of it- and my anxiety resurged with a vengeance. I never developed any tolerance for this medication- it has worked well for me for a year. The only negative has been when I mix it with alcohol. It didn't have much effect on the social anxiety but it worked great in general.
7337	10.0	I've suffered from depression spells, and mood disorders, but have had CHRONIC anxiety/panic attacks my whole life. I've taken a benzodiazepine for countless years, which worked well for some of these things but not all. Over the years I tried many different supplement meds typically prescribed for these issues, but none worked or they had horrible side effects on me. So my doctor suggested Tramadol--I asked how this could even work (a pain medicine)? He explained its an off-label use of the medication but has found it very successful in other similar psychiatric patients and how he researched and explained how it chemically works in the brain (which I didn't really understand)...but IT WORKS AMAZINGLY! I finally live a NORMAL and HAPPY life!
7338	7.0	I have post traumatic stress disorder. Helped flashbacks.
7339	10.0	Great for Post traumatic stress disorder symptoms.
7340	10.0	Excellent medication for anxiety that my Psychiatrist prescribed to me. Also, helps my depression.
7341	10.0	Really great medicine for my anxiety, originally my doctor prescribed this for pain, but I find its better for anxiety. Be careful and when you need to stop taking the medicine you need to taper off very slowly, or else. Very uncomfortable withdrawal syndrome - you need to taper off. 
7342	10.0	Excellent,
7343	10.0	I have been prescribed Tramadol for post traumatic stress disorder/anxiety by my doctor. I take it at night and my PTSD nightmares have completely diminished!
7344	9.0	It's the only thing that ever helped but you build a tolerance but if you stop for a few days which is hard not impossible - it works just like it did before. I tried all the normal SSRIs, SNRIs and benzodiazepines nothing worked like this. It's the best yet.
7345	10.0	I have been taking Tramadol HCL for severe anxiety and clinically severe OCD. This medicine really works wonders for anxiety and my Psychiatrist has me on this combining it with Risperdal and Xanax XR and Xanax IR. But, before I combined Tramadol HCL with those other medicines I was taking the Tramadol HCL alone and it knocked my anxiety down to more tolerable levels and helped me ignore my obsessions from my OCD more.
7346	10.0	I took it for a month to come off my valium it was great  no longer on any benzos Its great
7347	10.0	15 mg as needed no more than 2 times a day was absolutely the right dosage for me.  Side effects NONE.  Very effective for panic attacks and general anxiety.  I have tried most benzos, this is by far the best.
7348	10.0	"I have been on this medicine over thirty yrs. Back then it was a ""new trendy medicine"" to help people with panic disorder. This has worked for me so I can live a normal life.. actually a MORE then Normal life! I had tried Xanax and many others with NO avail. This medicine has been extremely effective due to the long shelf life it works for me great! I was able to be a great mother, friend, and work my way up at work. I feel so many would benefit from this wonderful medicine as long as they take as Dr. orders it. Yes, over a time.. your body needs more of it. I have never experience any bad side effects from this medicine. I wish more Dr's were informed of this medicine truly being a ""medicine""! Please docs, help your patients!"
7349	9.0	"I've taken this for years (3.75mg.) only as needed and it has always worked well and never given me that ""high"" feeling. It just brings me back to being myself."
7350	8.0	I was on several different more common anxiety medicines and they would wear off to quickly. Tranxene seams to be more stable and consistent levels in my body. Very helpful.
7351	10.0	Traxene is one of the older medicines.  I like it much better than Klonopin.  I am on the second dose of 7.5.  I do not take it every day, only as needed.  It has no side effects like the newer medicines.  It relives anxiety in about one hour, not as fast as others, but longer acting. It even takes away my sadness, which is probably caused from anxiety.  I hope they never remove this medicine from the market.  It is a wonderful stabilizer.  Hope this helps others who read this.
7352	9.0	Worked well for my panic attacks, not as fast as Xanax but worked!
7353	6.0	Had high hopes for this one, but again it just didn't work for me . I honestly don't know what will work because I have been on a few meds for anxiety and nothing helps. So the only thing I use is lorazapam and it just makes me yawn. I just started gabapeptin so will see how it does.
7354	9.0	"THE best drug for trichotillomania to me. 

It can't be said more about the pain, torture, anxiety, shame, and ... that come with constantly pulling your hair out from your scalp. I used to also constantly pull/scratch the skin out from my outer ear! Before I stopped picking, I have developed 6 ""devastated battlefields"" on my head and both outer ears where nothing but constant bleeding is noticed. I started lamotrigine for quite a while. It first did little to my trich. In the meantime, I was also on several different SSRI and one SNRI. HOWEVER, after I upped my dose to 125 mg (qd), the scratching IMMEDIATELY went away the day right after I upped my dosage!!! My anxiety  is now lower for the first time in years!"
7355	10.0	I have a family history of severe mental illness (schizoaffective and bipolar on mom's side and severe anxiety/panic attacks on dad's). About 3 years ago I started falling into depression and having severe anxiety attacks. I'm generally a happy and optimistic person, and out of nowhere I'm barely functioning, having some existential crisis, and sitting around at home crying and scared for my husband to leave to even go to the store. On top of that, I started becoming really afraid I would develop psychosis after growing up seeing what my mom dealt with. Decided I wasn't going to put off dealing with it and saw psych. Lamictal has literally given me my life back without making me feel numb. I still feel like my old, slightly wild self again.
7356	10.0	I never knew I would ever be able to feel normal again, whatever normal is?  Anyway, I too have struggled with anxiety and depression/PTSD for over 20 yrs.  I began taking Lamotrigine a couple of months ago and literally within a couple of days, I noticed that big ball of anxiousness I used to feel in my chest was gone.. I started with .25 mg and now I'm at 200 mg and am feeling way better.. the downside, if you want to call it that, is that I am starting to have feelings again.  I cry at almost everything but it's appropriate feelings that I think I was prevented from feeling because of the psyche meds I took for so long that did nothing but ruin my life and give me terrible side effects.  I am grateful to have found this medication.
7357	10.0	"I've had debilitating anxiety and depression most of my life and going into perimenopause made it a thousand times worse. I was on Seroquel and Lexapro, but my mood swings, depression, extreme fear, panic attacks and anxiety was still absolutely paralyzing.  I also developed intrusive thoughts. My doctor started me on Buspar, Bio-Identical Hormone therapy and Lamictil. It changed my life.
I have had no serious side effects other than mild memory impairment at first. I control the Lamictil rash on my face with 5% Benzoyl Peroxide Cream and Hydrocortisone cream. 
Prayer, faith in God and coping mechanisms have also helped me tremendously.  My mind is clear and I feel normal. Give it a shot!"
7358	10.0	I have had anxiety and bouts of depression my whole life. I've tried ADHD meds, anxiety and SSRI's and have self medicated too for years. My wife, a therapist, has been telling me I've bipolar 2 for years. We'll, recently I've been having anxiety and near panic attacks every day. So I started taken lamotragine 2x25 a day and after 3 days my panic went away and my racing thoughts and depression too. I never thought a drug could work this well but it's been amazing I really can't believe it
7359	1.0	I had a terrible experience with lamotrigine. it made me irritable beyond belief, as well it substantially lowered my mood and gave me suicidal thoughts. It's hard to say if it was the lamotrigine to blame for my suicidal ideation, as I have struggled with depression for years, but this time the thoughts blindsided me and we're extremely strong and powerful. This conveniently happened as my dose increased.
7360	10.0	I take 200 milligram of lamotrigine and 60 milligrams of Prozac everyday. This has been very effective for my anxiety and depression. Though it took about four weeks on the Lamotrigine to stop with a dry mouth and headaches, I would have to say that would be the only downfall.
7361	10.0	I suffered for 39 years of chronic anxiety. I've taken many meds (SSRIs, benzos) CBT, meditation, etc.  They helped to certain extend but the crippling anxiety was always there, waiting for me every morning. Anxiety affected everything in my life, the job I did, the women I dated, the manner I interacted with others and many other aspects of my life. Then I tried Lamotrigine and once I reached 100 mg I felt normal for first time in my life. This is a miracle drug. I'm currently taking 300 mg.I had a had a rash when I was in 100 mg. Many people overreact and stop taking it thinking there skin is going to fell off. I just went back to 75 mg for few more weeks and slowly increased the dose without any issues. 99.9 of the rash is innocuous
7362	9.0	Let me start by saying that have been dealing with anxiety and depression for about 5 years. My first years were terrible, I was always anxious ,sad, fearful and I developed cold intolerance among many symptoms.  I had many trips to the ER, stress test and MRI.....blood work and nothing but low vitamin d and hypertension.  Anyway I tried most of the SSRI meds but had terrible side effects.  I moved to natural supplements but nothing seem to work. My mental health doctor recommended Lamotrigine she said that this med was a mood stabilizer and might help with my anxiety.  Well so far its working great its like my anxiety switch in my brain was turned off I take 25mg a day in the morning and dare I say that I'm looking forward to the future again?
7363	10.0	I have Bipolar 1 along with some horrible horrible anxiety. Started taking Lamictal a few months ago and I'm now on 200mg. I haven't felt this stable in many many many years. My anxiety has pretty much disappeared it feels so strange living a normal life again. I'm so happy. Please give it a go :-)
7364	9.0	I have been on this medication since July 2016 and it has done wonders for me especially my mood swings. Started at 25mg and slowly went up to 125mg. I still get anxiety attacks but not as bad as before I went on this medication. I think learning how to manage the anxiety along with this medication can make a difference. Still get bouts of depression as I have been diagnosed persistent depression.
7365	1.0	I don't think this is working for me...was or in therapy and this was bumped up to 100mg...I still feel anxious, I still worry a lot, I still have bad mood swings...Everyone and I do mean everyone annoys me...I feel bad for being mean all of the time...the only plus is I try to resolve issues by talking it out rather than cutting everyone off.
7366	10.0	I've had a seizure disorder for 10 years but hadn't had a tonic-clonic in about 6 years, so I've been off Lyrica for a year. I have GAD, PTSD &amp; minor depression-but the massive anxiety nearly killed me, I had become borderline agoraphobic, could not slow my heart down, lost 90lbs in 2 yrs-really thought I was dying &amp; actually reached the point of being ok with death as long as the anxiety stopped. I've been on benzos for years, but need to get off. I was admitted to the hospital for chest pains and mid Ativan push, had a t-c seizure. Enter Lamictal. Today is day one. My heart rate is normal. The bald eagles/vultures in my stomach (not butterflies) are gone. I feel more relaxed than I can ever remember. Fearless. Thank God.
7367	10.0	Lamotrigine is my wonder drug. I was suffering from debilitating, anxiety. My doctor tried several antidepressants (Zoloft, Celexa, Lexapro, Paxil, Vybrid), and I had no benefits; only side effects. We also tried all kinds of benzodiazepines and they did nothing for me. Ambien would grant me only 3 hours of sleep. My symptoms would go from clammy hands and feet, heart racing and high blood pressure to sheer terror. My first day (really) on Lamotrigine and I already felt the symptoms subside. On the following days I felt even better. In two weeks I was feeling like myself again, so much that I was able to jump on a plane and travel to Brazil by myself. If nothing is working for you, give Lamotrigine a try. I am grateful I did.
7368	7.0	I started taking Lamictal after going to a PHP program. This medication worked really well for me but I was only on it for 2 months because I developed a rash and acne. It made my obsessive and thoughts occur less. I was able to handle situations with more logic and less emotional outbursts. I mean it truly was a great medication. However, my skin has always been clear but it was making me breakout more than I ever have in my life. I also felt like my hair was growing out thinner. If my emotions were totally out of control and life threatening than yes, I would have stayed on it despit the skin and hair problems. However for me it wasn't worth it. I would recommend at least trying it out.
7369	4.0	"Hey,
So I have taken this medication now for about 3 weeks to help me sleep!, the odd thing is, is I have woken up at odd times of the night not being able to fall back asleep!, which triggers my depression later on in the day if I do not get enough sleep, I found out I had Anxiey and Depression while I was on my mission for the church of jesus Christ of latter day saints, I have felt better since being on medication, but I am still waking up at odd times in the night!"
7370	9.0	75mg is the dose i've been steady on.  Worked up at 25mg every 2 weeks, with a day or 2 of itchiness on each increase.  I tried 100mg for a few days and felt more anxious and depressed.  Went back down to 75mg and feel pretty good.  Considering insomnia has been a very serious issue for me, Lamictal is the first med i've been on that isn't an AD and doesn't hurt my sleep (I take it in the AM).  When I was trying ADs, the Klonopin barely seemed to work for sleep, I still take Klonopin for sleep but at least I can sleep through the night now.  Nice being off the ADs.  Hope this one works long-term and I can get off the Klonopin eventually which I think is causing my moderate brain fog.  Eh, life is much better than it was.  I recommend it!
7371	4.0	I had high hopes for this medication. At 25 mg, I thought I noticed a slight positive effect. About when I upped from 25 to 50 mg, I experienced about two weeks of feeling extremely depressed, which continued when I increased to 75 mg. It did somewhat decrease my agitated anxiety, but did not help with my obsessive ruminations. Aside from the depressed mood and mild sedation, I didn't notice any side effects. When I decreased back to 25 mg, I noticed the depressed mood lifting and an increase in anxiety.
7372	10.0	No side effects. I've been suffering from depression and anxiety since I was a teenager, it had help so much. I am so thankful for this medicine it saved my life, I would suffer for days with no sleep. anxiety is a killer I am glad this med is on the market. I would have committed suicide because of the anxiety, I give many thanks to my doctor for finding something that helped, I can live my life finally.
7373	2.0	I'm taking this medication for anxiety and mood swings. It really does close to nothing with my anxiety. It helps my moods a bit but my anxiety is more bothersome. Not only that, my memory is complete crap. I have trouble finding words, memorizing new information and spelling. I am a great speller and ever since I started taking Lamictal, I've forgotten to spell some words which i would have no problem with before. Overall, I feel this med is doing more bad than good. I started taking Seroquel and I can already feel more positive changes than Lamictal has done since I started taking it.
7374	10.0	I have been on a small dose of this for about a month.  It has done wonders for me!  I have struggled with anxiety my entire life and have been on several different meds over the years.  This has really helped to calm me down.  I have even lost about 7 lbs over the past month because it is curbing my desire for food.  Everyone notices the difference.
7375	8.0	I've taken it for a week and I have had less anxiety in last couple of days.  I hope it continues to help.
7376	2.0	"I've been taking this as a ""mood stabilizer"", which has been working, but in all honesty I think they put me on this for mood because of the way the other medicines were making me (Risperidone made me psychotic, so did Zoloft). I'm off those now and am currently on Lamotrigine. But it does nothing for anxiety, not one thing. It's made me worry MORE."
7377	2.0	I noticed no change.  No side effects, no benefits.
7378	10.0	Avoid Benzos. I'm an alcoholic now, thanks to Lorazepam addiction. They leave a mark on you. Lorazepam was my vice. Again, avoid benzos. It can't end well. Benzos are a one way street.
7379	10.0	I have been having anxiety since I was 7-8 years old! I used to take Paxil when I was about 18 years old and it helped except for the upset stomach part but then that went away (from Paxil) I was 1st prescribed lorazepam when I was I think 20, and have been taking it now for 12 years! Love it and only thing I find is I get a dry mouth every now and then but its not so horrible as some of the other ones I've taken. I'm just trying to find another medicine now that can stop the attacks.
7380	10.0	"Doseage: 5mg, 6 times a day

PRO: That's a lot of valium.  It helps some (6 of 10) with anxiety and cuts back my ""plugged into an electric socket feeling.  Helps get to sleep. It is a great muscle relaxer and helps a great deal with my muscle spasms.  Don't know what I'd do without it.

CON:  Makes me sleepy.  I have to be careful to take the drug on schedule.  Otherwise I can wind up with too much in my system at once.  Dangerous when driving.  You cannot drink alcohol with diazepam.  You don't just get sleepy; You pass out without warning.  I mean pass out. Maybe OK at home in bed.  Really bad any where else."
7381	10.0	Works Better Than Ativan(Lorazepam) And Xanax(Alprazolam)!
7382	10.0	It helps calm me down instantly. When I feel like I can breath and that I am drowning in anxiety it truly helps!
7383	10.0	It will do nothing negative. Give it a try to enjoy life.  Life is short. Don't take the burden of social anxiety and panic attacks for your whole life. If you still feel terrible when taking Paxil use inderal as well and you will see an improvement in life. My score for Paxil CR is 9/10 in just  days.  PS if you ignore this illness it will give you IBS, high BP, anxiety, messes with career goals, gives heart problems, sleep problems, low energy, you need short naps, always low confidence and so on.  I avoided medicines from age18 to 28 years and now finally I took the step for paxil. Stay blessed ....
7384	8.0	After 5 years on Paxil, then 2 years on Paxil CR, I weaned myself off in 2 months. I had severe nausea, and abdominal pain for 3 months. I am back on Paxil 10 mg.daily, under a Physician Assistant's care to eventually wean off. Nausea is gone, as is the abdominal pain. It was so bad for those three months, I was hardly able to function, because of the extreme nausea.
7385	8.0	Am able to drive around town way better, but not on freeways or bridges. Sometimes feel dizzy when tired or overexerting. Doing more fun stuff
7386	10.0	I have health-related anxiety issues.  Ten years ago I took 25 mg Paxil CR for about a year and it was a life-saver.  No side effect, no withdrawal issues.  A month ago my anxiety returned for a new reason. My doctor started me on 20 mg citalopram. I think I had every side effect possible and made my anxiety worse.  I switched to 12.5 mg Paxil CR and within three days was a new person.  For me, there is no better medicine.
7387	10.0	I love it. It works for me very well. I take 25mg every morning.
7388	9.0	I was taking Prozac for few years to treat my symptoms of depression, but I could still feel anxiety and irrational fears (like being alone in the house), then my therapist suggested to switch to Paxil CR and my whole world has changed.  I'm not scared anymore and I feel a lot better.  I am optimistic, enthusiastic, outgoing, etc.  Paxil works for me.
7389	7.0	I was taking Paxil for both depression and anxiety.  It worked very well for me for the past four years.  My husband could definitely tell the difference, and if I missed a dose, the effect was immediate.  However, I was not aware that it could cause weight gain, and I have gained over 40 pounds even though I am eating healthy and exercising.
7390	1.0	My 10 year old was a happy littile boy before taking this 
7391	1.0	Made anxiety worse
7392	10.0	"I was given risperidone after being admitted to the hospital last week because I couldn't take the anxiety anymore, even tho I was already on medication. I couldn't eat, had gag reflex's and unnatural thoughts. I had terrible morning anxiety and had to take lorazepam's.
After one night in the hospital they gave me this drug and the next morning I woke up calmer and hungry. 
They sent me home with a 0.5mg but the pharmacist made a mistake and gave me 0.25mg instead. So for the last week I have been still battling anxiety. 
Last night I took the correct dose and today I was able to stay home by myself and not rush out to be around people, I ate more and got stuff done around the house. Today is my first day back at work.
I look forward to better days as I continue on this drug that saved me."
7393	10.0	I was really struggling with chronic anxiety and work-related stress for many years. 1mg a day of risperidone has changed my life dramatically. All of the anxious feelings have disappeared and I'm very calm. I haven't experienced any side effects.
7394	1.0	I took this medication for about 5-6 years, I eventually had to stop taking it because ironically it made my anxiety horribly worse and it caused the start of my paranoia
7395	8.0	"I've always experienced generalized anxiety disorder but after 6 months of Ritalin for my ADHD the symptoms of anxiety worsened a lot, specifically evening/night, when ritalin starts wearing off.

I was experiencing racing thoughts a lot and to leave the house to do something outdoor was struggle.
My doc put me on Risperidone at 1mg day at night.
I'm on it for almost 1 month now and it has been helping a lot. No more racing thoughts, a lot calmer, start sleeping more easily.
The only side effects that I had were decreased sex drive and eating a lot at night (which actually is good for me because with Ritalin you are never hungry). 
Would def recommend."
7396	10.0	I loved my life after taking these drugs. I couldn't sleep well and had a severe anxiety.. Along with taking these medication the psychologist help me relief my anxiety... Plus I was given the proper diet plan with it and some other medicines to improve my anxiety
7397	1.0	Had it with Azolam (alprazolam) ended up sitting all day on the couch, not being able to do anything. Gained weight, lost interest in life and had a memory loss. The pain I was in prior to therapy was better than the price I paid after taking these medicines.
7398	1.0	Terrible experience.  While this drug may work for some but did not for my child.  EVERY PARENT NEEDS TO BE WARNED OF THE POTENTIAL DANGERS.
7399	1.0	I was prescribed this medication for GAD.......what a bad DR!! This does not help anxiety it only makes me dizzy and slur my speech. Terrible medicine.
7400	10.0	Had a severe nervous breakdown in 1998, I was a policeman and totally lost the plot. Whilst anti-depressants eventually took the depression away, I was left with chronic anxiety, so after therapy my doctor recommended this drug at 0.5 mg morning &amp; evening. Before my mind was racing, but this drug stopped me in my tracks, it wasn't a nice first two weeks, I felt like a zombie, but after this time I suddenly woke up one morning and the World was a beautiful place again. No more severe panic attacks, no more dreaded thoughts, just peace in my life. As I say, the first two weeks were unpleasant but so glad I stuck it out. A little weight gain, variable bowel movements, and one other thing, don't overdo it with alcohol, not nice.
7401	10.0	I suffered from panic disorder and during a low point a psychiatrist prescribed risperidone. After 3 days my panic was gone completely. This is a life saver. I only used it short term, 10 days, and would do it again. It has been 4 years since I took it and i still cannot believe what a life changing experience it was. It felt like my brain started thinking logically again.
7402	1.0	"My daughter was given risperdone for anxiety and agitation she experiences with  medical procedures. I was a little reluctant to give it to her seeing as she is #1 A TODDLER #2 SEIZURE ACTIVITY #3 TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY in past medical history. 

I was prescribed this medication by her Neurologist! I have never been so scared un my life...my child had severe visionary problems, nasal congestion and increased heart rate with the first dose. She seemed to literally go Blind! Please ask for alternative meds especially if your child is very young.  I am beyond livid and confused about why she was ever prescribed this medication in the first place. Please don't put another baby through this (or parent)...Just Don't"
7403	1.0	"I was in the hospital for stress over life situations and a break down.
At a weak moment I was givin Risperidone . 
It only took one tablet and here I am 7 days later with severe dizziness confusion and sound sensitivity . 

I had no idea this was a anti psycoctic . I only have anxiety and immediately was alarmed . Will this go away !? Or is my brain ruined forever . 
This drug should be taken off the market ."
7404	1.0	My son just started on this med. for anxiety which is causing seizures or the feeling of a seizure coming on causes him to get anxious.  First dose at night 1 mg.  with in 30 min. he started to slur his words real bad.  He was in the hospital at the time so we pointed it out to them.  They just told us he had to get use to the risperidone. So he went to sleep.  The next morning he was give .5. He became very restless we thought it was from being in the hospital for 4 days.  He kept pacing back and forth fidgeting with stuff for hours.  Then all of a sudden he started slurring his words and became hard to understand. He told me his tongue was rolling up, and gagging, then his eyes started rolling up. Had to get emergency meds.
7405	5.0	Been on 2mg once a day for just over 4 months. Mostly wiped out my anxiety and panic attacks, but does nothing for my waves of agitation and irritability. I was reluctant to try it because of the weight gain. Now I regret it, as I have gained 50 pounds!!! I am the heaviest I've ever been and hate it. My pdoc wanted to raise it at last appointment, or try me on another antipsychotic (I didn't realise how heavier I was at that point). I'm gonna choose the latter option when I next see her. The weight gain on this is worse than quetiapine (which I also came off for the same reason).
7406	7.0	I had been sick first at 2009. İntense anxiety depression and paranoid thoughts was my symptoms. First doctor told me that Iam bipolar. I Took 1mg at night about 9 months with lustral. I get well. But after I quit I was sick again. Again 1mg at night. But since I was not sleeping more than 4 hours I started seroquel too. Everytime I get well I quit. But I got sick again. Now 2016 and I am using 1.5mg more than 1 years. I am more depressed than ever. I dont want to do anything but lay on bed. I think it prevents dopamin too much and I dont want to do anything. I get lazy and afraid of not doing my daily job. May be I will change risperdal.
7407	2.0	Was on 0.5mg for a month and not much of an effect except noticed I was sweating more and found it impossible to wake up in the mornings- I actually fell back asleep on my bedroom floor! Thoughts were still racing, still panicking when in social situations, just didn't really help.
7408	2.0	Makes you very very slow. People will see you as soft spoken slow and retarded.
7409	2.0	HORRIBLE!   Caused numbness and tingling in feet, then below knees. 2 years later numbness started going to up higher. Now I can no longer stand or walk. Many, many test done and no diagnosis.  I was on 7mg. at one point in my life. I have tapered slowly down to 2mg. but still can not walk. Has this happened to anyone else?
7410	8.0	Panic disorder took over my life. I had racing thoughts that would keep me up at night, nocturnal panic attacks, derealization and depersonalization, auditory hallucinations, and occasional paranoia. My doc first tried a beta-blocker, then an SSRI, both which did nothing to help me, before starting me on 0.25 mg risperidone. After about two weeks I started to feel a lot calmer. Instead of fearful thoughts sticking with me, they'd just fly out of my mind. After 3 months panic-free, I stopped the med due to side effects of forgetfulness, apathy, and weight gain. My forgetfulness got pretty severe by the end, but it really helped me snap out of the vicious cycle of panic disorder, and I'd take it again short-term if I needed to.
7411	9.0	I have been on Risperidone, 3 mg's every night, before bedtime, for 8 years. It worked better in the beginning, when I 1st began, with the name brand. However, it still works very well. I have to take it once a day, right before I hop into bed, or else I get Akathisia(Severe inner restlessness, and inner torture). That is the one and only thing I hate about antipsychotics. That and weight gain. All in all, takes away racing, disorganized thoughts, and calms the mind. Works to help emotions too. Good for anxiety. But don't go overboard with the dose. 9/10!
7412	9.0	I'm amazed at how well this is helping me. I got postpartum anxiety and it was taking over my life I started to feel like I was going nuts and became withdrawn and sick mentally. I've been on this for four days now at a 1/2mg and it's worked wonders I feel like I'm getting my life back already.
7413	10.0	I was given risperidone for anxiety and racing thoughts at night. I started at a low dose and worked my way up to 1.75mg a day(.5 in am and 1.25 at night). it works wonders for racing thoughts which makes my anxiety lower and helps me sleep at night.
7414	10.0	Gives you a calm feeling of peace and tranquility, takes the edge off any anxiety and makes you extremely calm. I love it.
7415	10.0	I have a seizure disorder though it is caused only from strobe light things such as sun filtering through trees, ceiling fans, etc. So my moods though have been so out of control with anger outbursts and breaking and throwing things that I finally went to a psych Dr. She put me on 0.25mg Risperdal with the plan to work up to 1mg. After only a few days I felt like such a new person!  Oh how I miss that feeling, it breaks my heart not to have that back again. I quit after only 3 weeks because I had read that Risperdal can cause seizures and already being at risk for them and having a lowered threshold towards them I just could not get that out of my head and relax with this medicine. If it had not been for that I would be on it still.
7416	10.0	Started initially at low 0.5 mg nightly dose and it helped a little.  Then went to 1.0 mg and within days felt an amazing sense of calm and peace.  They say it is serotonergic at low doses.  No side effects. It's a keeper.
7417	10.0	It helped my anxiety a lot.
7418	10.0	The best anxiety pill ever, works better then Zoloft and Xanax.
7419	9.0	Really helped me with severe anxieties and mood swings. Calms me down, makes me less irritated and obsessive, helps me fall asleep. Better to take it before going to sleep. I tried taking it in the morning and couldn't get through the day (feeling too sleepy and out of it). It works wonders for those with extreme emotions.
7420	3.0	It is better than nothing. But Xanax works much better. My previous dr in another city prescribed Xanax. I took it as needed for about 20 yrs. It kicked in almost immediately so I only took it when a bad situation occurred. I never became dependent or addicted. Current dr (different location) refuses to prescribe Xanax &amp; will only let me have Tranxene.   Since it doesn't kick in quickly I have to take it in anticipation of the occurrence of a bad situation. So I take it every day 1st thing when I get up so it will be in my system by the time I get to work. So I take more of it &amp; it works less well than Xanax. More drs need to know that Xanax is not really addictive &amp; it works far better than Tranxene.
7421	10.0	I have tried various medications for anxiety/social phobia over the past 16 years. I have been prescribed several different antidepressants but none of them fix the anxiety. My doctor prescribed clorazepate 3.75 mg 1x a day (at bedtime) after my mother passed away and my anxiety got worse and I could not sleep at night. This medicine plus an antidepressant works so much better than an antidepressant alone. When I moved out of state my new Dr. wanted to take me off clorazepate because she said it is addictive. More Drs. need to realize this drug is a lifesaver for those who cannot tolerate valium, klonopin, etc. Clorazepate causes no side effects and I have never needed a higher dose in 8 years.
7422	9.0	Good experience it worked for me well
7423	10.0	I have been on traxene for about a year and a half. They started me on 7.5mg 2x a day. That helped but was not quite taking care of all of my symptoms. I was a paramedic in N.C. for 17 years and also worked at ground zero in 2001. Was diagnosed with PTSD. I asked my doctor if I could go on a higher dose so he moved me up to 15mg 2x a day and it has worked wonders. I feel like a normal person like I did when I was a child and did have to worry about everything. I am no longer a paramedic. Had to get out of that field because I do believe that is what caused my problems. But I live a happy healthy life now thanks so much to tranxene...
7424	10.0	I took it for a month to come off my valium it was great  no longer on any benzos Its great
7425	10.0	15 mg as needed no more than 2 times a day was absolutely the right dosage for me.  Side effects NONE.  Very effective for panic attacks and general anxiety.  I have tried most benzos, this is by far the best.
7426	6.0	I take 5mg for generalized anxiety disorder in an as needed basis. It makes sleepy and it doesnt help with the anxiety as I want it too. It is perfect for insomnia but for anxiety, it doesnt do much for me.
7427	10.0	I had taken this medicine in place of Xanax.  I found Tranxene to be a life saver. Thank you
7428	8.0	I take Tranxene 7.5 2x a day. It has helped my anxiety and panic attacks a great deal. Unfortunately my doctor feels like it is addictive so he is weaning me off of them as he slowly tapers me onto Buspar. Not sure how I feel about this because I've always lived by the rule, leave well enough alone.
7429	10.0	I started on clorazepate 7.5 mg  over 25 years ago. I suffer from panic attacks and anxiety, I lost my son from cancer in 1988 at age 18 and lost another son in 2013 at age 47, I use this medicine as needed and it has helped with anxiety, sadness and other issues, no side effects other than helps me feel normal. Some days it is so hard to go on this medication keeps me from dwelling on the sadness. The only other medication I am on is a blood pressure pill.
7430	10.0	"I have been on this medicine over thirty yrs. Back then it was a ""new trendy medicine"" to help people with panic disorder. This has worked for me so I can live a normal life.. actually a MORE then Normal life! I had tried Xanax and many others with NO avail. This medicine has been extremely effective due to the long shelf life it works for me great! I was able to be a great mother, friend, and work my way up at work. I feel so many would benefit from this wonderful medicine as long as they take as Dr. orders it. Yes, over a time.. your body needs more of it. I have never experience any bad side effects from this medicine. I wish more Dr's were informed of this medicine truly being a ""medicine""! Please docs, help your patients!"
7431	9.0	"I've taken this for years (3.75mg.) only as needed and it has always worked well and never given me that ""high"" feeling. It just brings me back to being myself."
7432	8.0	I was on several different more common anxiety medicines and they would wear off to quickly. Tranxene seams to be more stable and consistent levels in my body. Very helpful.
7433	10.0	I on Klonopin 2mg 3xdaily, for many yrs. I don't know if others have experienced the same thing or not. But, I felt I, either had been on it so long it lost some of it's effectiveness, or my anxiety and panic attacks got worse due to a tragedy. But I switched to Clorazepate and I cannot believe how much better I feel. I took it before, yrs ago, for a couple of months, and I do urge you not to start out on an extreme high dose, until you know how it works for you, and if you need to increase it, you can. A true lifesaver for me. Good luck to you others out there.
7434	8.0	My doctor put me on this for agoraphobia.  Due to high levels of stress associated with having 3 teenagers in the house, as well as one of them with behavioral problems and another with medical problems, my dose has to be upped.  It seems to have NO effect whatsoever once the anxiety hits high levels (and then take it).  If I take my dose of 15mg about 20 minutes BEFORE I know something will happen (such as leaving the house) my anxiety is much lower.
7435	10.0	Traxene is one of the older medicines.  I like it much better than Klonopin.  I am on the second dose of 7.5.  I do not take it every day, only as needed.  It has no side effects like the newer medicines.  It relives anxiety in about one hour, not as fast as others, but longer acting. It even takes away my sadness, which is probably caused from anxiety.  I hope they never remove this medicine from the market.  It is a wonderful stabilizer.  Hope this helps others who read this.
7436	9.0	Worked well for my panic attacks, not as fast as Xanax but worked!
7437	10.0	Have used as needed for anxiety.  7.5 mg 2-4 times a day.  Not habit forming nor no withdrawal problems if I stop taking. Does not make me drowsy.
7438	8.0	Similar to Valium except no active metabolites.  Was a very good anti-anxiety medicine for me.
7439	10.0	I've taken Valium and Xanax but the side effects were to strong. Clorazepate works just fine. No side effects and it is a calmer medicine than the rest. I strongly recommend clorazepate for anyone with anxiety troubles.
7440	9.0	I have just been prescribed clorazapate after trying Zoloft for anxiety which did not help me at all for anxiety.  My doctor decided to put me on this after I told him that and it has seemed to control my anxiety and panic attacks to a certain extent.  I am glad that I finally found a medication that actually gives me a noticeable change rather than something you must take in order for it to build up in your system for its full effects.  The only reason I'm not giving it a 10 is because it doesn't seem to completely eliminate my symptoms as I had hoped it would.  The medicine however does do a very good job controlling my symptoms to a point where I can live a normal life again as I had been doing prior to this onset of chronic anxiety.
7441	8.0	I have been taking it for twenty years with no known side effects. On days I forget to take it I experience anxiety and then realize I forgot to take it. My Doctor wants to weene me off it by taking half the dosage but I'm not comfortable with that idea.
7442	10.0	My doctor prescribed this because of severe dizziness that other medications did not help. It knocked it out within 3 days, so I am very pleased. One thing about it for me was I could not stay awake after I took it, knocked me right out.
7443	10.0	Tranxene-SD (Clorazepate-Single Dose) has helped immensely for my worry, anxiety, and major panic disorder! I take 22.5mg in the morning (2x 11.25 tablets) and Klonopin (Clonazepam) for my major panic disorder. The Tranxene-SD helps keep the all day anxiety and worry from erupting into a panic attack to where I have to take the Klonopin. It keeps me calm until I feel the need I have to take the Klonopin. It's been around since 1972, and it works great. I recommend it for all day anxiety!
7444	10.0	I’ve been struggling with PTSD for well over 10 years. Incapacitating anxiety, insomnia, depression. I could no longer function at all. I’ve tried everything! Nothing worked unless it made it worse and gave me extremely bad side effects. It was so excruciating that I really wanted to throw in the towel. I started Doxepin about 6 or weeks ago. Then suddenly the intensity of my disorder severely decreased. Almost overnight and has continued to without any dips in its time. I’m absolutely stunned! I’m still on the low starting dose too. I’m overjoyed by relief. I’ve become myself again. I can actively participate in daily activities like showering, leaving my house, answering the phone, basic things that people take for granted. Before, I was totally immobilized. I hope this continues
7445	7.0	Started on Doxepin 100mg January 2017 due to debilitating GAD and panic attacks. I was miserable. Ten minutes after waking up, the panic attacks would start. I quit going out in public as much as possible. At night, I couldn't shut my mind off, which exasperated my insomnia. I was taking more Xanax than prescribed to try to get through the day. I specifically asked my psych for this based on reviews. Helped right away with sleep (with no next day grogginess for me), and after about a week, started putting the brakes on my anxiety. Slowly noticed I was getting parts of my life back. It served its purpose and pretty darn well, but in ten months I gained 30lbs and kept gaining.  Due to the ongoing weight gain I switched to gabapentin instead.
7446	3.0	Had to stop it because of the nightmares it produced. Tried dosages between 6-100mg. No matter what, I had terrifying nightmares when I went to sleep.
7447	10.0	I have suffered with severe anxiety and panic attacks, which manifested itself into not sleeping.  I literally stopped sleeping for several days.  Ended up in the ER a couple times and at the doctors all that week and finally had to be admitted to a mental health facility because nothing they were giving me was working.   I literally thought I was going to die.  After 9 days they finally found something that helped me sleep.   It was a combination of Doxepin 100mg, Xanax, Tramadol (which soon switched to Benadryl)  and Ambien.  These drugs gave me my life back and slowly restored my sleep cycle.  After a year or so I was weaned off the Ambien and then the Benadryl, so now I just take the Xanax &amp; Doxepin (now lowered to 50mg).  Amazing.
7448	9.0	Honestly, a very good drug for anxiety and depression symptoms. The worse side effect is the weight gain. But in the end, for me personally, I would prefer relief from anxiety.
7449	9.0	Hi milemile I have been on doxepin many years for panic attacks before this medicine I stopped going out anywhere. You will be tired for a bit of time but it goes away . It stopped all panic attacks. Never had one panic attack for 10 years on this medicine. But I stopped to try other meds for higher mood.  But when I stopped doxepin the panic attacks returned so 10 years without panic attack on doxepin is a good thing!
7450	10.0	I started doxepin last night and I have insomnia and wake up several times during the night. I slept from 6:30pm til 7:30am, but still a little tired today, but I didn't wake up once. So, so far so good. I think I'm going to be very pleased with this drug. It also helped a lot with my anxiety as well. I've had zero side effects so far and hopefully won't have any. Good luck to everyone that takes it cuz for me after trying several meds, this seems to be the best one so far and without weight gain too. Most insomnia medication causes weight gain from the research I've done and this one doesn't thank god because I've just lost 110lbs and do not want to put any weight on now that I'm at my perfect weight size for my height. I hope this helps.
7451	2.0	This drug was terrible, I would take it at night and fall right to sleep and when I get up in the morning im completely exhausted and dizzy. My balance is off and feel like im in a daze. I was extremely irritable. The entire day I was depressed and in a very very bad mood. Everything bothered me. My anxiety was terrible. Tremors in my hands and just feeling kind of loopy. Nightmares when sleeping. This drug did nothing of any benefit for me. I was taking it to help with my social anxiety and panic attacks.
7452	10.0	I was experiencing very bad anxiety and was having panic attacks nearly everyday. I also had issues sleeping, I couldn't sleep more than 2 hours at a time. My doctor put me on 75mg once daily at bedtime. I feel like my old self. I am sleeping very well at night and I haven't had a panic attack in 8 months. Doxepin gave me my life back.
7453	9.0	Been on many SSRIs, a few SNRIs, and some of the TCAs. I took Tofranil (imipramine) for about 6 months on a starting dose of 25 mg and eventually increased slowly to 125mg. Over the course of those 6 months, my anxiety was under control for the most part, but I developed myoclonus and had to stop taking the drug. I switched to Sinequan (doxepin) 25 mg, increased to 75 mg, divided into 25mg three times a day and have done well, without any side effects besides mild fatigue. No bad thoughts, lingering anxiety or panic attacks. Very successful drug (doxepin) for me so far. Been about 3 months now.
7454	5.0	Especially good for helping you stay asleep!  The problem is that I slept 12 hours straight and most of the next day.  I didn't really have an issue staying asleep before- my issue is more with relaxing/ going to sleep at appropriate times.  So, if you have a lot of trouble staying asleep, this definitely works.  No terrible side effects, was just very sleepy.  If you really need the sleep, go for it!
7455	6.0	My Dr. Prescribed me Doxepin 10mg. For depression, anxiety, and insomnia. So far so good, calms me down wonderfully when my three kids or my husband cause me to have an anxiety attack, and is working well with my depression. Only things it isn't doing to much for my insomnia I still go to bed at about 9pm and fall asleep around  2:30-3:00am. I have also taken Lexapro which worsened my depression, Zoloft just made me feel like a  zombie or like I was wired out of my mind, and Prozac which worked great on me but since I have insomnia my Dr. gave me Doxepin.
7456	5.0	I have been on Doxepin and Xanax for 28 years, I take 150 mg doxepin at night and 1 Xanax at night 1mg. My doctor has me taking no more than five Xanax a day. I am starting to get more and more panic attacks during the day but I don't want to take more than 4 of the Xanax.
7457	7.0	"Psych keeps trying to replace Klonopin and Ambien with doxepin. It is very dose dependent. Prescribed 50mg but take 10mg, splitting capsules.  Great sleep helps with anxiety next day but sedating. Non habit forming - no real ""good"" feeling.  Took last night worked great for sleep and anxiety.  Will see how today goes.  "
7458	7.0	"I was put on this medication a couple of weeks ago. I take medicine for my OCD and I also take Remeron to sleep. Lately I haven't been able to control my anxiety/intrusive thoughts and was put on Oxazapem 15 mg one hour before bedtime. It is great - it makes me really sleepy and gives me the munchies - I literally eat everything I can think of 5 minutes before collapsing in my bed. I can see why people would want to abuse this drug. My only problem is that my concentration levels have gotten really bad after taking Oxazapem. I am working daily and not many people know what I am struggling with (OCD and intrusive thoughts), so it is hard to maintain the ""normal looking me"" at work. Hopefully people will just think I am a bit tired or stressed out and it will pass soon."
7459	7.0	I was given this to replace xanax for panic attacks because xanax is so addictive, apparently. Unfortunately for me, who only takes it on an as-needed basis, oxazepam does not have the same ability to quell panic attacks instantly once they have started. Instead, I have to take this in anticipation of an event happening, which I don't really like to do, because I'm never sure. In general, though, it does calm me down if I plan ahead before certain panic-inducing events (like plane trips), but doesn't help for unexpected panic attacks.
7460	5.0	"It's a strange one for me. I am prescribed them for acute anxiety, whenever the bouts come. The thing is, they work. The relief is beautiful and it's nice to regain what feels like a normal perspective of things, to bring an end to the myriad of worried thoughts. But once it starts to wear off, the anxiety slowly returns, but more so, gets worse. On top of that, I can feel so hopeless for days after taking just one pill, which can turn into depression if I'm not careful. 

It's a pill that gives relief, but the adverse symptoms are not worth it. I maybe take them a couple of times a year at points where I'm otherwise unable to function at all (I don't like medication )"
7461	10.0	I’ve been on so many different medications but nothing is more effective with my anxiety than this. I can go out and slowly gaining my confidence back. Never give up hope everyone reacts differently to different medications. Stay strong everyone out there you will find your way ❤️
7462	10.0	After 43 years of anxiety/panic disorder, serax has helped me have a life. Dr's tried many other treatments until I ended up in ICU with my heart enzymes elevated. Theme 25 years ago Dr started me on Serax, which finally let me have a normal life.
7463	10.0	"I have been on Oxazepam 10mgs  for over 15yrs now.  It works. Only one problem. My memory is gone. At age 64yrs old. I can now see the difference. My life is not the same anymore.  I have no life. 
I don't recommend long term use of this drug as it habit forming.
I have tried many times to come off. 
Not easy - Most doctors today do not give out this drug.It is not common in the USA as they would rather give you another benzo.
My advice is stay away from all Benzos 
But if I had to have one (and I know this does not make sense)
but this one works the best for anxiety, stomach problems and high blood pressure. 
Better then Valium."
7464	8.0	Do not take this medication, its highly addictive and coming off it has caused my daughter to have 3 to 4 seizures a day and she's never had one in her life before cutting back. This drug is evil and should not be prescribed so easily. I myself need to taper off and am terrified of the withdrawals after watching my daughter go through hell. Stay away from benzodiazepams because once you start you cant stop....No warnings are given before you start taking them....evil drugs
7465	9.0	"Excellent for use to help prevent anxiety attacks before they get way out of hand. Having been through a rehab system 10 years ago I am EXTREMELY cautions about taking these. What's not clear is how quickly physical dependence forms, and how brutally hard the detox can be. Along with alcohol, these or any other benzos are one of the only detoxes you can die from, and the detox is brutal for lack of a better word.

Having said that, for irregular use so long as control is present without denial, these work terrific to quell an  anxiety attack thats building. Just please do not ignore the dangers of even daily use for a couple weeks or you'll be sending yourself down a hole that will redefine what you knew about anxiety and feeling bad"
7466	10.0	"Male: 21 years old, been through all the medications revolving around anxiety based anger and behavioural issues, i used to suffer brutal panic attacks, mood swings And couldn't stop shaking all the time, Zero motivation and constant paranoid behaviour.
My Oxazepam experience: 
In 
combination with CBT (cognitive behavioural therapy). I'm actually able to hold a job, go outside and talk to people, get tasks done without all of the withdrawal symptoms that I experienced with diazapam-  no physical painful withdrawal symptoms when stopping unlike other benzodiazepines. I use only when needed. 15mg on nights where I can't sleep or when naturally stressful situations arise such as funerals/money struggles. Respect it and it will respect you"
7467	10.0	"I have have drug related issues for ~15 years. Dope, Speed. My, ""Psychiatrist"" diagnosed me with the word ""schizophrenia"", Anti-Phychotics are, VERY DANGEROUS!, they increased my anxiety and stress, MANY MANY, times over. Finally, after 15 years, 3 months, no drugs, I have found Oxazepam. 5mg. I read, you can take up too 120mg!. atm, I think I need about 10mg a day. I am doubting, whether I have ""schizophrenia"", at all. I am down to 1/2 minimum dose, tablet of, DANGEROUS Latuda. So called ""treatment"", with Anti-Phychotics, is CRIMINAL."
7468	8.0	had suffered bipiolar for at least the last 28 years until I desgovered lithum it saved me. I no longer have mood swings, or spending money I dont have and then crying for nothing. I read alot of books until I discovered that i had bi piolar
7469	8.0	I have been on Oxazepam for 15 yrs. Diagnosed with Anxiety and PTSD. - In the beginning it really worked well. Now that I am in my 60's  I want to come off of it. My quality of life is not the same. I take only 10mgs per day. I have tapered off. to one a day. I have gained about 40lbs. -  I was very productive and  a responsible person at one time in my life and that's when it helped. but now I am just lifeless. Taking this medication for long periods of time is not good. And to come off of it well lets just say, almost impossible. for me anyway. I would say talk to your doctor about another anti-anxiety medication that is not so addictive. Its horrible to be codependant on a  drug of this nature.
7470	5.0	"I would not use this medicine for more than a year.  While it was effective - the side effects -  began to be more problematic than the
medication was worth.  Wish I would have stopped it much sooner than I did and one must wean off  - not go off cold turkey.  My doctor apparently did not know this."
7471	10.0	"I'm 23 years old, I've been on Oxazepam for about a year or so now.
I honestly can't praise this medication higher. 
I suffer from agoraphobia, and have been, ever since I can remember. It was always dismissed as being shy. But in high school, it hit me hardest. First mild anxiety.. Which grew over the years. But started getting regular panic attacks while outside, hits hard in an instant the moment there are too many people near me. 
But since taking this drug, about half an hour before I need to leave my house, I've noticed that my crippling fear fades away, and leaves me feeling.. Well.. Not exactly happy.. But, content. Which is the closest I've been to normal ... Well.. Ever, really. Which has brought me security against my anxieties."
7472	10.0	Following a massive heart attack in 2013 I was prescribed this med while in hospital to relax and to help with my insomnia. They are fabulous, the only thing I have noticed shortly after using my memory is not so sharp and constantly looking for words. Despite this I plan on continuing to use them as this medicine helps me greatly in a quality of life. Suffered for 15 years of non sleep, which highly contributed in my massive heart attack at a young age of 56 with no previous symptoms nor family background.  Issue my docs do not want to prescribe this med and this worries me a great deal. They are essential to me living a productive life!
7473	10.0	I have taken Oxazepam 10 mg, since the early 90's for Anxiety. It allows me to live my life without any side effects, calms me down, keeps my throat muscles from tightening, when confronted with, or involved in situations where anxiety attacks would increase. It allows me to live my life, without any side effects, and without having to increase the dosages, throughout the day. I have taken the same dosage for years, without having to increase the MG. I have also been able to - decrease - the amount needed during the day. All I can say, is Thank God for this medication. I have taken it to also help me sleep.I have worked and driven my car, without any problems. I wish they would make 5mg's like they use to, because at night, this is a plus.
7474	10.0	I suffered for several years during menopause with severe night sweating and all day every day at work feeling like and looking like I was bursting into flames. No amount of hormone replacement medicines made a difference. Finally I was prescribed this medication and my life was changed like a miracle as the first time I took it I actually slept soundly through the night making my days so much better. Only 10 mg at bedtime works for me and I don't even have to take it every day. I have no side effects whatsoever and wake refreshed whenever I use it.
7475	7.0	Effective when having a particularly bad day on antidepressants but less effective when not on antidepressants. Find anxiety symptoms aren't overly settled in comparison to Lorazepam unless you take a couple. Plus they take 45 mins minimum to kick in and during an attack, isn't helpful. When not taking antidepressants, got up to 45mg on very bad days but was down to 1-2 tabs a month on antidepressants.
7476	9.0	In the hospital, I was having major panic attacks.  I was given Serax for bedtime. It was the only time I slept in the hospital.
7477	10.0	I have been on 15 mg of oxazepam for 6 years for Tremors and it has helped me greatly. Couldn't write  my name if I didn't take it. No side effects.
7478	9.0	I started taking oxazepam 15 mg at bedtime as needed for anxiety in December. It has really helped me and I have not experienced any side effects at all. It calms you down, you're able to function daily, and also get a good nights sleep.
7479	10.0	Just started taking Serax for my anxiety. I found it to make the anxiety go away!
7480	10.0	I have been taking Serax/oxazepam for 30 years for anxiety/panic attacks, works great! I started out on 10mg then after a few years was switched to 15mg. The past year or so I have been having trouble sleeping so the Dr. put me on 30mg to take only at night before bed which I do and it works great for sleep. So, I take the 15mg when I need them for anxiety and the 30mg only at night.
7481	9.0	Started having anxiety and depression symptoms years back after going to countless drs. and trying every pill there is. A psychiatrist put me on Oxazepam 10 two times daily as needed. Hands down the best pill for me and my problem.
7482	10.0	My doctor prescribed oxazepam for me for chronic insomnia back in the 1970s. He said it was less addictive than prescribing a sleeping pill for me. I take one 15mg capsule about an hour before bedtime. Most of the time, that is sufficient but occasionally, if I've still been unable to get to sleep within a couple of hours, my prescription calls for a second 15 mg capsule. That definitely does the job. I wake up the next morning with no hangover effect. This medication has been effective and a lifesaver for me. Now, however, I'm going on Medicare and none of the drug plans includes oxazepam so I'm reluctantly going to ask my doctor to prescribe something similar which is in a plan and hope that it works as well.
7483	10.0	I have taken this medication since 1980. I do not take more than I was first prescribed. I take less if I don't need one I don't take it.
7484	7.0	I have been prescribed this for anxiety related to kidney failure. I did find that a 30mg dose did calm me down however, it has not helped much when I need to sleep.
7485	8.0	I take 30mg of oxazepam occasionally for chronic insomnia. The benefits are that it is effective, not too strong (can still function if needed in the night) and totally gone by morning. However, as it takes a while to kick in, I have to plan ahead when I'll use it and take the pills a good hour before going to bed.
7486	9.0	I take 30mg. It calms me down, I'm less anxious. It does what it is supposed to.
7487	10.0	I have been on this medication for over 3 years. I finally found a medicine that really takes my anxiety away when I have my attacks. It has greatly allowed me to be myself again. Much better then anything else I have ever tried. My Doctor prescribed me this along with 1 mg of clonazepam and I sleep very well considering my previous condition.
7488	10.0	10 years of being put on literally dozens of medicines for anxiety and panic disorder, the past 6 years this medication has finally helped me the most out of all of them. It's a sigh of relief to just drive and do simple errands with no harsh side effects of other medicines. I agree with the tolerance some of you have mentioned, and the recent insurance changes trying to take away the only medicine that has helped, otherwise this medication overall has helped me immensely.
7489	8.0	I was just prescribed this medication as my sleeping pill is not working very well due to pain - hopefully this will work! Thank you for your comments, it makes me less anxious about starting a new drug.
7490	9.0	I take 30mg when needed and it makes me calm. Don't mix with alcohol, effective medicine when used as prescribed.
7491	9.0	"I have taken this drug over a long period of time to help control my panic attacks caused by my agoraphobia. It worked when I started it and it still works, although I should caution that increasing the dosage without your doctor's approval can cause increased tolerance and the need for more.
Also, it can be taken to help one sleep as others have noted. I stay on the recommended dosage each day and now lead a very normal life."
7492	10.0	Been taking oxazepam for anxiety and would definitely recommend it. My thoughts become much less anxious and I can lead a normal life now. I would be suffering terribly without it.
7493	8.0	I have chronic pain problems and a huge stress level so I haven't been sleeping. The doctor gave me a few of these to try and I found Serax definitely helps with sleep. I had my first 6 hour sleep in a row last night. 
7494	10.0	I have to admit when I was first perscribed this medication, I was very hesitant to take it. Like with all medications, I didn't know how this would effect me. And asking doctors and nurses, I still wasn't sure. After the first time I took it, I felt better than I have had in a long time. I was calm and very relaxed. I had a small headache, that felt like a mild hangover, but that was the only side effect I had. I highly recommend this medicine.
7495	10.0	This is really good medicine. I suffer from anxiety attacks, but when I am on this medication, I feel really calm and collective. I do get a little drowsy at times, but the other meds, I am on are possibly causing that. I have very bad mood swings and nervousness when not on this medicine. I highly recommend Serax.
7496	9.0	The perphenazine works wonders for my paranoia and delusions. Amitritpyline works great for anxiety and irritability. But I’m having problems with my memory and concentration. Anyone know how to fix this?
7497	10.0	I suffered with a migraine for 3 weeks straight and had all kinds of tests done. Nothing helped or worked until I went to a doctor that prescribed Triavil. Finally got relief, that was years ago and I’ll remember this name forever.
7498	10.0	"I was going through a divorce, a miscarriage and loss of an important job plus career change. I was breaking down physically as well as mentally and was hospitalized for testing and observation by a cardiologist who diagnosed me with hypothyroidism and prescribed Triavil for me. IT WAS AMAZINGLY my lifechanger! IN just DAYS (less than 1 week) I was an entirely NEW woman whose issues were ""healed"" by my healed brain and ability to ""handle"" all my life's issues fearlessly  in stride...thanks to my clear thinking triavil assisted body.  This older medication is far too under prescribed and had only 1 adverse side affect which was I was so happy my appetite was voracious and I put on weight which I lost after a year.  I Highly recommended TRIAVI"
7499	10.0	This medicine saved my life when I was 17 years old and so agoraphobic, with panic attacks multiple times a day.  This was back in 1969, and within 6 weeks, I began to go out and go to college and do all the things a normal person does.  I used it for many years, though with a lessened dosage.  It seems especially good for anxiety attacks.  While they did not entirely go away, seemed to lessen them to the extent that they were a minor occasional nuisance rather than something that prevented me from living a normal life and leaving the house.  Yes, psychotherapy also helped, but before this medicine, I had been in therapy for three years and the anxiety/panic only got worse.  Of course, this is just one person's experience.
7500	9.0	"When I was in my early 20s I was having a great deal of anxiety and depression. This caused me to have physical problems as well such as
GI problems and headaches and even some insomnia. My M.D. prescribed
Triavil 4mg Trilafon / 10mg Elavil. This was many years ago and I remember that it had a very quick effect on me. Anxiety gone in one day and depression was almost totally eliminated in 4 weeks. I realize now that this is an older
antidepressant/antianxiety medication but I believe it is much under prescribed as it helps not only with the emotional problems but helps with pain and sleep. It is somewhat sedating but one can take bigger doses at night and sleep very well. "
7501	10.0	I used to suffer from panic attacks.  They occurred mostly at work.  I tried Clonazepam, but it just made me have sleepy panic attacks.  Clonazepam worked perfectly for regular anxiety though.  Librium worked like a charm.  My psych put me on 2 doses per day of 25 mg.  I would take one dose 1/2 hour before getting to work and another 2 hours later.  That didn't cover a long enough period so she increased to 3 doses per day.  I'm finding that I need 4 doses per day as my panic attacks would normally happen any time between 9am and 1pm.  Since taking it I have not had any panic attacks.
7502	10.0	Librium saved my life. I am very thankful.
7503	8.0	I have found Librium/Chlordiazepoxide to be very effective during a relatively short time (few months) of acute anxiety accompanied by IBS. My doctor prescribed Librium and it has been VERY effective. Being in the medical field myself, it is important to note that while Librium may not have the sharp relief impacts of say Ativan (just as an example), yet it is still a very effective and potent benzodiazepine that works on the same receptors in the brain that other benzodiazepines do. With my anxiety causing stomach issues, my doctor said Librium should help with both and, thankfully, it has greatly. I am calm, able to think things through, and go throughout the day on 50mg able to be more productive/less anxious and sleep better at night!
7504	7.0	Currently my medication regimen is a mess. I take xanax 1 mg twice a day, and 2mg at bedtime. And valium 5mg at 5pm and 10mg at 9pm plus ambien 10mg! And I just tried a 10mg librium and I slept very well for the first time in months any ideas?
7505	10.0	"I'd suffered from ongoing anxiety and found my usual antidepressants were not working anymore. Also I was going through a very stressful period, and not sleeping or eating well.
My GP prescribed librium for a short period of time. I found it really effective. My sleep and appetite returned and I was coping much better with anxiety. It's been two weeks now and I am going to ask if I can continue taking it for a bit longer.
I have had no noticeable side effects."
7506	1.0	Librium hasn't worked at all for me. I'm taking 10mg four times a day and I still get anxeity.
7507	10.0	I have Panic Attack Disorder and anxiety.I use Librium on and off as needed. It works wonderfully. Makes me calm in about 20 minutes and I feel I can control the rest of the day. I take 5mg as needed. When I take it as needed it doesn't have side effect.
7508	9.0	"Experienced a major, full-blown panic attack (due to stress and agoraphobia) while out with a friend. She offered Librium, two 5mg capsules. The hysteria subsided fairly quickly, but I could not stop crying, &amp; could not breathe. Two more Librium stabilised me completely. When I told my doctor, she ""told"" me rather than asking me that I slept for the remainder of that day. Nooooo....I've been telling her for MONTHS that it takes high doses of 4 different meds for me to sleep. One of those is Klonopin. For 10 years I was prescribed 6mg at bedtime. New doc came in, cut me down to 4mg, upsetting my balance, making falling asleep a chore. I hope she will take into account the Librium'so positive effect."
7509	10.0	Omg! Why did it take this long (15-20) years for a doctor to prescribe this amazing medicine! I am on day 3 days, WAIT ALMOST A WEEK!, without a valium or ZANAX and I feel great! It's like the devil has left me from being a slave to my Benzo's. Driving around on a Sunday night trying to get a too soon script filled by saying I have no health insurance. It doesn't work! I feel so amazing! I do have a script for valium but I don't even want to fill it (I'm due ), but I don't freaking need it! I'm so happy! I just want to know why I only received 10pills? He also prescribed me Clonidine .1mg 4 times a day and Gabapentin 300mg twice a day. I am being compliant but Librium is a benzo! Am I going to have benzo withdrawal when I don't take Librium?
7510	10.0	I had taken Librium for around 20 years off and on for Anxiety and panic attacks. I only take a small dose but it has always been very effective. Anytime I didn't need it, it was easy to get off of it. I take if as needed. I would recommend it to anyone as it seems to have no side effects with me.
7511	10.0	I have had these before and worked wonders for my anxiety. Recently I ran out of my usual benzodiazepine scripts early so I had to go to the ER and they gave me a 45 day supply which is cool because they only ever give maybe two days supply. But anyhow the Librium 25 mg still works great, I took two of them in the morning and was very impressed on how long it worked. Only had to take one more in the evening. And I have a VERY VERY High tolerance for benzo's.
7512	10.0	My doctor will not prescribe Xanax, Klonopin, or Ativan for anxiety, but he was comfortable giving me a script for Librium (chlordiazepoxide) 25mg capsules 4x a day for my anxiety.  Worked well at the beginning, but like all benzo's, the efficacy wore off after about a month of use.  Was great while it worked and it was very inexpensive!  Tapered off then went back on it a few months later and it worked like a charm again! On and off usage for close to 5 years now.
7513	5.0	nightmares
7514	10.0	"ALOT of stress in my life, and didn't sleep at night. Always turned to alcohol to solve these problems. My doctor put me on Librium and I have been on it for just over a year now, and alcohol-free. I still worry about things, but they are easy to just let go, and I sleep every night, without waking up every hour stressing over something. One thing I will say, though, is that though it has taken the anxiety out of my life, it's like it has also taken away the joy, like ALL the color is gone, not just the darkness. I feel ""comfortably numb"" most of the time. Still, better than the way it used to be! I was prescribed 25mg 3 times per day, but I take 1 pill when I get up, split the 2nd into two 1/2 doses, then 1 pill an hr before bed."
7515	10.0	This medication was given to me for anxiety and it helped greatly.  I was very satisfied with the end results.
7516	10.0	Only medicine that no side effects. Take as when required basis and have no issues.
7517	10.0	I've tried several medications for moderate  anxiety and panic attacks. Librium has worked the most reliably. Xanax and Ativan work quickly but are too short acting. Klonopin didn't do much for me. Librium starts to take effect within about a half hour, makes me calm (not high) and keeps me calm for hours.
7518	2.0	Hardly any effect on my anxiety.
7519	10.0	My spouse drove me to the ER after I had a major panic attack.  I was given 50mg of Librium and under 1/2 hour I became relieved from the attack.  After 1 to 2 hours I had felt much more secure.
7520	10.0	Have been through Klonopin, Xanax, Valium. I didn't care for the high feeling from any of these drugs. Librium has a way of mellowing me out without behaving differently. Great job of relieving my anxiety.
7521	3.0	This drug did very little for me. My Doctor prescribed it as an alternative to Xanax until a full clinical work up could be done. As a moderate to heavy drinker, he did not advise me that this is used to pull people from the disease. I don't feel like I have issues with alcoholism but it really messed me up when mixing the two. Felt stoned or comatosed. Taking the drug sober did almost nothing anyway except when I take 2 or 3 at a time and still it does not release the anxiety I have.
7522	8.0	I was having bad anxiety at night that would prevent any sleep. Some nights if lucky I'd only sleep 3 hours at most. So then my Dr told me to take this and instantly noticed a difference I'm actually able to sleep now!!!
7523	1.0	I told my doctor I have been allergic 2 like every single med I have ever been prescribed except benzos meds some sleeping meds. Lack of sleep can really imbalance the brain. Doctors have just thrown random diagnoses at me forever and I have almost died in the past from lots of them. My new doctor has tried me now on 2 antiseizure meds she says to fix anxiety - I had severe reactions to both. The first one, Lorazapam, I felt I was going to die of diarrhea  (it's a bipolar med) and I swear I felt bipolar for the first time in my life from it. This new one Oxcarbazepine made me feel just NUTS immediately. I was doing great with the benzos and sleeping meds then popped an Oxcarbazepine and feel disoriented super depressed like my mind is scramble restless
7524	10.0	My son's in his late teens and has anxiety and A.D.D.  He had also gone through episodes of depression.  Other prescription drugs left him zombie like.  Oxcarbazepine has been a miracle drug for him.  It took about 2 months to get to the right dosage.  Please keep in mind everyone is different.  He was only allowed to move dosage up once a week then every 3 days after a few weeks.  Yes he felt tired for 1-2 months but after a few months he says it's life changing and we haven't seen him this happy in years.  He's been taking it for  almost a year now with no problems. He takes 200mg caffeine for his ADD and it calms him down so he's doing great in college.
7525	10.0	"My main issue was facing depression for years and took several antidepressants in the past. I don't have bipolar, but my psychiatrist decided to try a mood stabilizer for the first time since antidepressants weren't working and since I tried to commit suicide for the 2nd time a few months back. 

Trileptal has completely took away my depression. Even when I hit a bump in the road, I'm not even close to the person I was a few months ago. I'm able to work 6 days a week, have more energy, and my thoughts of suicide are no longer present. Having a BA in psychology I want to add that meds are not a ""cure"", but sometimes it is better than wanting to take your life and at least be an aid to help you get back on track."
7526	6.0	I've only been taking it for four days now. I am concerned with how tired I feel after taking the medication. My doc prescribed me a 600mg dosage but had me break it in half for the first three days. I sometimes feel weak walking around for some reason. I will give it time to see if it improves my disorder. I can report that I have no appetite on this medication but then again I also take Adderall.
7527	1.0	"Omg, where do I start! I have been dealing with acute alcohol withdrawal disorder and have had anxiety and depression for many years. The drs have tried to label me as bi polar, but  I don't think it's an accurate dx. Since taking this pill I have had vivid nightmares upon the first night taking it. I felt some relief initially and felt good for a week or so. I had my ups and downs. I took the pill without reading side affects, so that it would not affect my treatment. 
I have had a constant sore throat, crusty sores on my nose that won't go away. I feel drunk when I take them. I don't get a full nights rest. I was recently dx with PTSD They doubled my dosage and  now I have agitation, restlessness, crying spells, depression and anxiety still."
7528	8.0	"I suffer from Chronic  Depression and High Anxiety all my life. Other medications work but I am so out of touch with reality I choose not to take them..

I started a 300mg twice a day dose of Oxcarbazepine with 50mg of Pristiq. I have only been taking this for two weeks but so far everything is great... I am experiencing what its like to be “Normal”... A feeling I have rarely experienced so it feels a little abnormal. Life is much better now.... the best I have ever felt..  I hope it works for years to come"
7529	1.0	I got put on this medicine because of my anger issues and anxiety. I'm on 300mg twice a day but it hasn't done anything for me so far. I've become very dizzy, I have double vision, fatigue, drowsiness, balance problems and speech problems, and I have almost passed out a few times.
7530	3.0	Neurologist reduced medication from 250mg per day to 125mg daily. Reduction has increased headaches, anxiety, delusional and partial seizure. Sleeping patterns has changed.  Feel increased heart rate, cervical headache.
7531	10.0	This medication is the first one I've ever taken that completely controls my extreme restlessness. I have tried antidepressants, antipsychotics, benzodiazepines, and other anticonvulsants. None of them did the job. I tried this, expecting very little. I am amazed at how wonderfully this treats my issues. When I take it, it does take a while for it to take effect, but once it does, my restlessness and agitation completely vanishes. I love it because it doesn't make me feel any differently, I just suddenly notice that I'm sitting still and my mind is going a hundred miles an hour. Medications affect everyone differently, but this one works wonders for me!!
7532	10.0	"This has been the most amazing medicine for major depression and chronic fatigue. It has literally changed my life. I have lived over twenty years with severe Major Depression and nothing has ever come close to giving me the quality of life that this has. A very long story short this medicine has helped myself, my son and my husband. I will never again go without it.
I must stress that you have to take the time to figure out the dose that's right for you! I doesn't happen overnight.
Good luck to all of you in your struggle."
7533	9.0	I'm sixty-eight years old and have dealt with anxiety/depression my whole life.  There were some medicines over the years that helped, but for one reason or another, I had to stop taking them. But five years ago (July 17,2007) I had an acute neurological episode that awoke me from sleep straight into a Carnival Midway atmosphere. Very disturbing, and my sleep was never restful from that day forward. Four different polysomnograms verified I was getting less than a third of normal REM sleep.  Six months ago I discovered Ambien and was quite pleased, but I was recently to see a pain management doctor who understands the value of good sleep in dealing with chronic pain; his preference is Trileptal so I went on it. Never felt this relaxed and normal.
7534	1.0	"Completely messed up my stomach- constipated, nauseated, vomiting, rectal bleeding.  Agitation, sleep problems and muscle discomfort (restless leg syndrome) upon discontinuation of medication.   

I also believe the increased agitation and abdominal discomfort led to an increase in my blood pressure. "
7535	7.0	I have tried to use Trileptal for about a week but I'm having gastrointestinal problems with bloating and slowed digestion. Don't think I can stay on it but it does work good for my anxiety.
7536	10.0	I was diagnosed with anxiety and depression. I take a combination of Seroquel and Pexeva, the two have had a substantial benefit to my condition. I used to be unable to function out in public and private, now I feel more at ease with myself, free going, and less worrying. The side effects however, are very noticeable. Pexeva often makes me feel drowsy and impotent. Its effects have made it harder to focus on everyday work due to it making me feel more relaxed. However I feel that the amount of relief it has given me is outstanding.
7537	10.0	I never new life could feel so good. I wish I had this 20 years ago things would have been so different, and my husbands life would have been much easier.
7538	7.0	I have epilepsy, anxiety problems, headaches, social problems, PMDD and OCD, this is my all all in one pill. Helps my anxieties and my headaches even my raging hormone levels. I don't know how crazy I would be without it.
7539	1.0	About a year ago I went in to the ER for nausea and headaches they gave me Compazine through my IV almost instantly my heart was racing to the point I almost passed out I was screaming for help. How does one get over the fear of taking medicine once something like this has happened to them?
7540	1.0	I have a severe anxiety disorder I came in with chest pain and sharp pains in my head the doctor gave me compazine combined with Benadryl and I felt a absolutely horrible went into full on panic mode felt like I was having a tachycardia attack couldn’t speak had cotton mouth the whole 9 yards. What genius gave this  to me knowing the side effects?
7541	10.0	I received this medication over the counter at my local chemist for severe nausea, dizziness and headache. It worked within 30 minutes to alleviate the nausea completely and the headache is subsiding. I also have severe anxiety - the side effect of drowsiness has occurred but has helped calm me down a lot so I can rest and the dizziness is no longer noticeable so I see that as a bonus.
7542	1.0	"I was given this for a really bad headache- 
migraine. This med is going on my allergy list and I'm NOT going to take it ever again! I consider it poison! I already have anxiety and I was given med thru IV in the ER along with Benadryl. I was told it could make me jittery but the Benadryl counteracts that. Bull! All of a sudden I couldn't think, I couldn't talk right, I was so restless but so tired &amp; sleepy at the same time. I was so hot! They gave me a clipboard to fan myself. I wasn't comfortable sitting. I wasn't comfortable standing. I too wanted to rip my IV out and run away. It was one of the WORST experiences of my life! They gave me more Benadryl and that did help, but I didn't feel like myself that night and felt agitated, dizzy and headache the next day. I got better thank God!"
7543	10.0	For several months suffered debilitating migraines daily. My tongue went numb on the right side arms going dead on a night. I suffer with chiari malformation and a brain cyst multiple issues. Ok received 5mg of this today only took 5mg and my brain pressure relieved within 1 hour. Its the first time in months I've felt at ease. Doctors won't accept I've issues with chiari and the brain cyst and are refusing a brain scan follow up. I have the feeling of my brain dropping 50 times an hour mainly on a night. I'm really hoping the brain drop feeling relieves tonight while sleeping. I'VE HAD A GOOD 6 HOURS FIRST TIME IN NEARLY 16 MONTHS! A blessing is this for me...
7544	10.0	I was put in this for labyrinthitis which was making me super anxious as I was so disorientated and nauseous. It helped with all those things, didn't realise how much til I forgot a pill and felt super anxious and awful. Staying on it til further notice!!!
7545	1.0	Went to the ER for a headache along with depression and was given compazine threw an IV an has been feeling detached from reality every since last year of november anybody else feels this way after taking this medicine and what do I need to do to get back to NORMAL all I do is cry and wonder why the doctors didnt warn me before taking this 
7546	1.0	"Had this in a ""headache cocktail""  last night when I went into ER for an intense migraine with garbled speech.  NEVER again.  I have never appreciated a headache more because by comparison it was so much better than the side effects of Compazine. It made me a crazy person in full blown panic attack mode.  I was trying to pull out the IV and run away.  I felt doom and dread and mental anguish.  I was yelling and just trying to figure out a way to kill myself (literally) if the mental pain and confusion didn't stop soon. Luckily the terror didn't last long because three nurses came in and gave me more benedryl which counteracted or at least knocked me out. I am a bit traumatized by the experience but feel alot better today."
7547	8.0	Quickly calmed me down and got rid of nausea caused by anxiety but the sleepiness it caused me to experience made me very stressed out about being unable to do what I needed to get done.
7548	1.0	"This medication gave me the worst experience of my life. It made me sleepy, yes. But at the same time, It sped up my mental discomfort, and it made my muscles jump. Similar to restless leg syndrome, but throughout my entire body. It was so bad they had to reverse it with Benadryl to alleviate the symptoms, And finally they gave me a mixture of Valium and Demerol to put me in a twilight state until it passed. If you have ANY medication allergies, even mild. I would strongly advise against this medication. 
"
7549	9.0	I was first given Compazine in the hospital for severe nausea associated with a migraine. I suffer from migraines, generalize anxiety, and panic attacks  but I was admitted to the hospital  due to the worst panic attack I've ever had. They were giving me Valium, but cautiously. When the nurse gave me Compazine for the first time, my nausea and anxiety left at the same time, and quickly too. I was able to finally rest/sleep comfortably. Even though it is prescribed for nausea, I would recommend asking your Doctor about Compazine for anxiety. It will make you sleepy, but like I said, the feeling of be comfortable in my own skin for a change is worth it.
7550	1.0	Went into anaphylaxis after third dose. Increased anxiety. Had to go to the emergency room via ambulance. Mouth, tongue, &amp; throat were swollen, chest was tight, severe all over itching, &amp; itching throat. Found out this only works 50% of the time. That it's a hail Mary drug. It works on half of the people, makes the other half worse. Be very cautious with this one. Because it's a 50/50 chance.
7551	2.0	"It has made me irritable, socially awkward, has not helped my anxiety, makes me light-headed a for a bit after I take it, and gives me the general sense that something is ""off"""
7552	8.0	Prescribed this medicine to prevent migraines, but have anxiety.  I'm answering the other posted question regarding dizziness when getting up and sweating. Yes and yes.   I often feel hot or excessively sweaty and the dizziness comes and goes. Did not know this would help anxiety.
7553	6.0	I was prescribed nadolol for anxiety and thought it wasn't going to work as I have been on Xanax and Klonopin to treat anxiety attacks in the past. I started on 20mg 2x a day and was moved up to 40mg 2x a day. It has helped to an extent, I still have anxiety but they are a lot less frequent then they used to be. I do however have some side effects from this medication that the Dr. dont seem to be too concerned about and I was wondering if anyone else who is taking this medication for anxiety have had them. I get very lightheaded or dizzy if I get up from a lying position and have to wait a few minuets before I get up and sweats. Anyone else have these side effects?
7554	7.0	My doctor prescribed Dilantin for anxiety and depression.  It seems to work just about 60 to 70% of the time for both conditions.  Other times I can't really tell the difference.  I use 1 or 2 - 100 mg Capsule(s) a day or only as needed.  I like that it is not habit forming and tolerance is not built up.  Side effects need to be looked at, although I don't experience any serious adverse effects.  Extra Vitamin B-12 and Folic Acid needs to be taken while taking Dilantin because it may cause a deficiency with these nutrients.
7555	10.0	I use 100mg once a day to control anxiety. It works well. People at work have noticed I am much calmer at work.
7556	1.0	"I was on this medecine for at least 10 years- from age 21 after a psychotic type illness in mental hospital with depression and anxiety but no active symptoms of schizophrenia. the dose of around 5- 10 mgs nightly it had very adverse effects on me, such as memory loss--- of events, conversations , visual memories of places recently visited, extreme fatigue after sexual activity/erectile disfunction and great difficulty in concentration for reading, following tv programmes etc
Was switched to Modecate depot injections from 1980- 1998 with similar severe  adverse side-effects---.with atypical new medecines added on 2nd admission;namely Amisulpride--  dropped 25 mgs of Modecate injections on own volition,   totally cured now on 50 mgs amisulpride"
7557	8.0	Taken alongside Lithium, Quetiapine for bipolar one. This medication is old but very effective against anxiety associated with bipolar disorder. No side effects apart from feeling a little drowsy at times.
7558	9.0	I take 1mg/daily. So far it is very effective, I tend to be able to be more relaxed and can sleep with clear and peaceful thoughts where I used to be laying in bed 20 minutes thinking too much.  But seems not to do much for my social anxiety. Overall, pretty effective.
7559	10.0	"I was going through a divorce, a miscarriage and loss of an important job plus career change. I was breaking down physically as well as mentally and was hospitalized for testing and observation by a cardiologist who diagnosed me with hypothyroidism and prescribed Triavil for me. IT WAS AMAZINGLY my lifechanger! IN just DAYS (less than 1 week) I was an entirely NEW woman whose issues were ""healed"" by my healed brain and ability to ""handle"" all my life's issues fearlessly  in stride...thanks to my clear thinking triavil assisted body.  This older medication is far too under prescribed and had only 1 adverse side affect which was I was so happy my appetite was voracious and I put on weight which I lost after a year.  I Highly recommended TRIAVI"
7560	9.0	"When I was in my early 20s I was having a great deal of anxiety and depression. This caused me to have physical problems as well such as
GI problems and headaches and even some insomnia. My M.D. prescribed
Triavil 4mg Trilafon / 10mg Elavil. This was many years ago and I remember that it had a very quick effect on me. Anxiety gone in one day and depression was almost totally eliminated in 4 weeks. I realize now that this is an older
antidepressant/antianxiety medication but I believe it is much under prescribed as it helps not only with the emotional problems but helps with pain and sleep. It is somewhat sedating but one can take bigger doses at night and sleep very well. "
7561	9.0	I have tried all other SSRIs available in the US, all have had undesirable side effects. I started taking Viibryd about four years ago, been very pleased. No sexual side effects, even as I increased dosage last year. The only part I find super tricky is it's half life. If I forget to take my dose the next morning I start getting an itchy face. Seriously itchy like allergies! As I have ADHD too this is very helpful but annoying. If I am without my pills and have to wait until later in the day to take them some of the worst anger feelings I've ever had come out. It's like the hulk! Itchy hulk! So as long as I always keep a back up supply in my purse I am good.
7562	6.0	"I tried this medication between Cymbalta and Trintellix.  Cymbalta did not eliminate my anxiety and caused stomach issues for me.

Viibryd's half life is short.  For whatever reason, I would have discontinuation effects late in the cycle.  Taking in half 2x/day helped, but seemed to weaken the effect of the drug.

Bottom line for me was that while it worked at 40mg part of the day, the end of the day would be very difficult, with brain zaps and lethargy.  If you have this experience like I did you simply may metabolize the drug too fast to take advantage of it properly.  It is unfortunate because other effects of the drug -- digestive, libido, etc -- were quite good."
7563	7.0	Excellent at first, almost euphoric in the sense of how happy it made me and how little anxiety I had, however I became tolerant to it rather quickly and am now on the max dosage. It still works great for depression but my anxiety has returned. The only side effects I have now are loose stool all the time. For anxiety it worked wonders for the first year but now It only works for depression, will look into another medicine for my anxiety to use in conjunction with this.
7564	1.0	I tried this for anxiety, but unfortunately it killed my stomach and I had to stop after 2 weeks. Upon the first dose, I became very nauseous. I moved the dosing time to after my largest meal, but it did not help. My stomach would cramp for 3 hours after taking the pill. It gave my heartburn also. I had zero appetite and could not even think about eating a vegetable for all 14 days. I could only eat very bland foods in very tiny amounts. I have gastritis and this drug flared it so badly, I had to take Prilosec. If you have stomach/GI issues of any kind, I would not suggest this drug. I would also advise you check with your insurance on the cost. I was given a sample pack, then called my insurance and it was going to be $223/month for me.
7565	10.0	I am 60 year old. I am taking vilazodone  10mg OD  for 3 days followed with 20mg from last 4 days. It is wonderful drug for GAD 
7566	8.0	5 years on Viibryd 40mg and starting to feel REALLY BAD.  I take it for General anxiety disorder with ADAH .  I started getting Head dropping sensation at night. Started beta blockers for how bad hand tremors were/are. Absolute fatigue to the point of calling it lethargic from the time I wake up to the time I go to bed. Every task feels like a chore, not from unwillingness but due to complete lack of strength to do so. This week the deep bone and muscle aches have started. I feel so bad and has been gradual decline over last year. Just figured out the cause and I am sad to stop this medication, but I'd rather have GAD then this.
7567	1.0	"I was given Viibryd for generalized anxiety disorder.  It sure delivered....but at a cost.  The first couple of weeks that I was on this drug I had vivid dreams.  Some scary.  When I forgot to take my pill one morning, I felt very foggy all day at work, and then my face got super itchy.  I read that I shouldn't take it when I got home, but to wait until the next day, and take it the next morning, as usual.  BAD IDEA!!  I had horrible brain zaps!  Like someone put a live wire on my head.  When I finally fell asleep, I had the worst dream ever.  This dream woke me up and I was terrified.  I took the pill at midnight, ASAP, and it helped.  Within an hour I was asleep.  Not an experience I would ever want to go through again!!!
So, I was on this drug for a few years, and while it really helped my social anxiety.  Never got a nervous stomach ache while on this pill - and I even started with a direct sales business and was actually teaching small classes at people's homes.  (That was unheard of for me!  I was the shyest kid in class back in my childhood days). I was feeling super confident, but started having gastric issues and gained 30 lbs.  I have always been very thin, so 30 lbs made me feel horrible about myself.  The drug inflamed my stomach and made me a sugar fiend.  Basically, I felt like a heroin addict - but with sugar/carbs.  I hated myself because I couldn't stop eating dessert!  The sugar made my depression worse, and super fatigued.  I didn't realize that any of this was caused by the drug, so I saw numerous doctors, had ultrasounds, GIs, colonoscopies, etc., and spent a ton of $$ on those doctor/lab bills.  I prayed and prayed, and saw that others had some similar reactions.  I weaned off the pill, and lost 21 lbs so far.  I feel pretty normal.  But I am still taking Bupropion for depression.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DRUG!!!!"
7568	9.0	I am a man and I started Viibryd primarily to reduce the sexual side effects of other SSRI's. I have tried many different SSRI's over the years for generalized anxiety and until now Zoloft was the best choice for me. I tend to be sensitive to medications and am usually affected by side effects, but at the same time I usually respond well to lower dosages. I personally had severe side effects including vertigo, and watery diarrhea. All the side effects passed after a couple of weeks and increasing the dosage had little effect on me. Currently on 20mg and staying there. My libido has improved significantly and I am very happy with the results. Side effects were brutal, but worth working through them!
7569	1.0	"Started this in May 2015 and side effects were life threatening. F, 5'6"" and 117lbs. I take 75 mg adderall a day. I started to have severe anxiety attacks and the doctor gave me 2 packs of viibryd samples from the medicine room and put me on this devil drug. Background I have Addison's Disease which is pretty much just your body becoming drama queen and fight or fight responses are skewed and amplified. Normal BP WAS 80/40; 2 weeks in pulse was 150  BP 200/150. Diarrhea all day all night!!I developed Serotonin Dyndrome from my regular meds and this. I was in cardiac arrest and almost didn't come out. BP STILL HIGH normal is 145/100 now and it's caused so much more with anxiety so it sucks"
7570	8.0	I have general anxiety and occasional bouts of high anxiety. I was taking .5 Xanax 1-2x day not everyday only when I had the bouts of high anxiety.  I was on Viibryd 10mg for a week then to 20mg and that's where I've been for about a year.  After about 2-3 weeks of starting the Viibryd I noticed I no longer needed the Xanax. I have noticed no change in sex drive however I have noticed I get extremely sleepy if I'm not actively doing something.. Over the past 2 months I have slowly reduced to 10mg hoping to reduce the daytime sleepiness but I have noticed I am getting my bouts of high anxiety again so will end up going back to 20mg.
7571	9.0	"I was prescribed Viibryd due to  social anxiety issues (no depression symptoms) and nervous sweating. I began the starter pack w/10mg then leveled out at 40mg. I noticed anxiety issues began to lighten after the first week, but it seems like I was 2 months in on the 40 mg when I noticed this was really working.  I find that I'm a lot more tolerable of people and stressful situations. It's been good for me.
I did experience a few side effects; leg cramps, some insomnia, and these loud explosions ( in search of a better disciption) while falling asleep.
I'm 45 and this my first experience of any type of anxiety med, and I should have been taking this years ago"
7572	9.0	"Alongside anxiety, I have painful sphincter of oddi dysfunction. 
After trying Bentyl with limited success, I decided to give this a try, since I also had some anxiety issues.
My biliary pain disappeared from multiple attacks per week to none!
While this may not currently be indicated for the purpose described above, this has some major promise in the management of IBS and biliary dyskenisia if visceral hypersensitivity is suspected. 

No anxiety, increased energy, concentration and motivation w/o losing libido (undoubtedly being due to its partial agonism of the 5HT1A receptor, downstream dopamine release in the prefrontal cortex and minor norpinepherine and dopanine reuptake inhibition in addition to SRI activity)

This is a life changer!"
7573	1.0	My husband is now taking this. The first week was not so bad, he even mentioned he felt somewhat better.  This is week 2, 20's.  And he still complains of his symptoms, he is extremely moody and sleeps ALL OF THE TIME!!!  And he still has more increases to do in the packet.  Can't wait for that. I want my husband back.  Needless to say I  do not recommend this drug.
7574	1.0	"Background: Essential Tremor with Social Anxiety and IBS. I'm naturally VERY happy.

From 6mo Escitalopram 10mg to 1mo Viibryd 10mg.

Upped to 20mg Viibryd but two hours in, had panic attack tremors. Went back to 10mg for a 1mo more, until VERY HEAVY depression episodes at around 6 PM till 10 PM (took the pill at 8 AM) appeared. Also it gave me very bad diarrhea after eating most foods.

Can't cold-turkey it (which I could with Escitalopram), would panic/shake/depression.
Had to take the abuse till I switched back Escitalopram 10mg - which thankfully calmed me down from Viibryd withdrawal!

I don't feel this is the right drug for happy people with anxiety. It does more unnecessary anti-depressant changes than it does anxiety improvements."
7575	7.0	40 mg for 1 yr and 4 months. Remain on low dose clonazepam , and Ambien for sleep. Add weekly DBT group, counseling and exercise. Medication has helped reduce anxiety to manageable/tolerable levels. Diarrhea for couple weeks at first, libido killer, erection possible, orgasm takes effort/hours. Daily dosing schedule needs to be adhered to or you will feel it. Can cause sleeplessness. I'm not nearly as anxious, but often feel blunted and/or detached. 20 yr love/hate history with SSRI's and SNRI's...dread both going on them and coming off but they do level out the emotions. Sexual side effects for me/partner are a bummer. Insurance made sure at least two other SSRIs tried first.
7576	10.0	This stuff is awesome! For the first 12 days or so I felt incredibly stoned, but it wore off and evened out my anxiety that was controlling me all day. No side effects at all unless you count interacting with Remeron which put my head spinning with incredible nausea. I take Xanax which cancels that effect but my MD wants to take me off it and put me on Buspar, I'll see how that goes. PS- am on day 21 of VIIBRYD
7577	9.0	Been on antidepressants since around 1991 after I had thyroid removed.  Taking Wellbutrin for depression which works okay but last year started having late night anxiety attacks.  Really bad Fear.  I don't understand why.  Had me walking the streets at 11PM.  Started Viibryd and had weight gain and stomach issues and by the time I got to 40mg the anxiety just stopped! This medicine does as advertised for me, it stops the anxiety. That's what I needed and that's what I got. Like a miracle.
7578	9.0	My wife had been on Clonazepam for five years or so for her anxiety. She is a very vital, thin 50, but her libido had disappeared and she had delayed orgasm. She also had recurring upper respiratory infections and a cough she couldn't get rid of. I researched and found that one was a common side effect (the sexual aspect) and one rare (the cough). I had her go to her doctor and ask to get on Viibryd. She has had only minor side effects, but none of the gastrointestinal issues. Within three weeks the cough has almost disappeared, and last night she had multiple orgasm for the first time in 22 years since I've known her. Oh yeah, and the anxiety seems to be less. Needless to say, we're big Viibryd fans already.
7579	9.0	I'm a 23 year old college student and Viibryd has been great! I have always had anxiety problems, which were left untreated for quite some time, until I got put on this medication. Before, I found myself at a general loss of interest not only in school, but in life, to where I reached the point that I could not focus effectively. The greater problem was that I would grow severely anxious when I thought about all the tasks and assignments I had to complete, and would eventually leave things at a disarray. After being on this medication now for about two months, things are really looking on the bright side, which I have not experienced any of the negative side effects associated to this medicine.
7580	9.0	Viibryd has been a God send. I was on Zoloft for my anxiety disorder but it wasn't doing much and the side effects were awful. No appetite, no sex drive, feeling more anxious...it was awful. So my doctor switched me to Viibryd and it was been wonderful! I feel so much better. I'm now taking 40 mg, and I'm able to talk to new people, go to places I've never been before and not have panic attacks. My sex drive is back, and my appetite is back to normal. It is truly the medication I've been looking for.
7581	2.0	Both my husband and I are on Viibryd.  We share side effects such as gritting our teeth and having to take the medicine at the same time every day.  If he takes his even just an hour late he feels like he gets an instant high for 1-3 seconds &amp; then its gone.  He has nightmares, where he see's things &amp; he screams in his dreams but not truly out loud. In the first month we both experienced our limbs jerking as we tried to fall asleep. Now he hears a loud buzzing noise &amp; then a loud bang &amp; he wakes up with his heart racing. As I fall asleep hear a loud bang as if a gun is going off right in my ear and a horrible electric shock to my brain &amp; wake with my heart racing.  We are seriously thinking of titrating off the medicine.
7582	4.0	"I get panic attacks at least once per day, and my doctor didn't want me taking Xanax on a daily basis. I've tried a few other medicines in the past, but can't handle the sexual side effects- supposedly this medicine has less of them. 

My experience:
10mg per day I had zero side effects, but after a month also zero noticeable help. My doctor told me to up it to 20mg. At 20mg, I was so sick to my stomach I had to call in sick to work. Tried it one more time with the same results. So I compromised and took 15mg per day. Still little to no noticeable help- and I was always mildly nauseous (always took with a full meal). As far as sexual side effects- I never got aroused on my own, but I could orgasm, which was better than others."
7583	6.0	Got the squirts like crazy!
7584	9.0	My doc switched me to Viibryd from Zoloft after Zoloft caused a long list of side effects (loss of libido, ejaculatory failure, zombie-like feelings, clenching/grinding teeth all the time, uncontrollable consumption of food and alcohol, increase in blood pressure). For me, Viibryd has restored mental balance.  My panic attacks and anxiety have been replaced by healthy concern for my problems.  I can sleep at night without panic attacks. I'm more outgoing, talkative and social (presumably because it addressed undiagnosed social anxiety too). Depressive, suicidal thoughts are gone too.  The only side effect has been frequent and occasionally loose bowel movements.
7585	8.0	I had tried several different types of medicines and combinations of medicines for my anxiety and irritability.  Cymbalta has given me terrible side effects: sweating, constipation, hair loss, hypertension, dry mouth, and weight gain. My doctor thought that Viibryd might be a better option.  I was very apprehensive and I was ready to give up on medicines.  The ramping up with the Viibryd (10mg to 20mg to 40mg) was a horrible experience. I had terrible nausea, diarrhea, vomiting, and spaciness.  I couldn't distinguish if it was withdrawal from the Cymbalta (if that was possible with the switch to Viibryd) or if it was the Viibryd....could have been both.  That all being said, now I'm on the 40mg and I feel great. I feel like the person I used to be.
7586	7.0	I just started taking Viibryd five days ago.  I switched from Zoloft to Viibryd.  I was having bad headaches and an overall feeling of yuck in the mornings.  I started feeling better at the end of the day when I was going to take my next dose of Zoloft.  I also could not sleep.  I would wake up at night and then couldn't go back to sleep.  Since taking the Viibryd, I have been able to go back to sleep when I woke up in the middle of the night.  I am a bit sleepy in the morning, but I am feeling a bit better.  I am hopeful about Viibryd.  I hope that my condition continues to improve and my sleeping patterns continue to get better as I increase the dosage and as time goes on. Zoloft did help, but the side effects were too much for me.
7587	8.0	I have been taking Viibryd for 2 weeks now and I finally feel good again.  No more anxiety attacks and my depression is lessening.  I would totally recommend this product to anybody with anxiety.
7588	10.0	I have been on other anxiety medicines, which only added to my blood pressure spiking, but with Viibryd, my blood pressure has dropped down to normal readings, for example, 110/74, and I have the energy level I had before trying all of the other medicines. I  highly recommend this medicine.
7589	10.0	I tried all sorts of SSRI's with no effect. I tried this medicine and after about a month I began to feel a lot better. I take this with 5mg of Valium whenever I have panic attacks. The only side effect I had was a slightly unpleasant taste in my mouth. It can be a bit annoying, but I suffer so much from anxiety, a little bad taste in my mouth is not too much to deal with. I would recommend this to anyone who has tried many medications with no results, and really need relief from their severe anxiety.
7590	10.0	Only thing that keeps me out of a psych doctors office.
7591	9.0	I started this medication 3 weeks ago and like it, I am on the low dose one before bedtime!  Working so far, but may ask doctor to up the dose on my refill!  Have had no side effects that I am aware of at this time!
7592	10.0	Best drug ever. Trust me, I'm a doctor
7593	1.0	I started by taking 25mg at night at around 8:00PM, didn't go to sleep till 2:30AM, and strangely wasn't very tired. As I laid in bed, I felt an overwhelming sense of panic creep in which slowly grow much, MUCH worse. I ended up getting out of bed and paced back and forth inside my room, where my mind felt like it was racing at 1000x a second. My body began to shake, my vision decreased slightly, I lost my coordination, felt it very hard to concentrate, and at one point it felt like my legs wanted to give out from underneath me. Most importantly, I had the biggest panic attack I've ever experienced, and was very heavily breathing. I may have been experiencing something known as Serotonin Syndrome, which can induce seizure. Thankfully I had some Clonazepam on hand and took a small dose to calm myself down which helped significantly. I will be indefinitely discontinuing the use of all SSRI and SNRI's in the future, courtesy of the side effects of desvenlafaxine.
7594	1.0	It isn’t working at all for me. I have been taking Pristiq for 1 year and there is no change in me mentally. I feel like it’s just a brand sold to 100s of people for money. I mean is there even an active ingredient in it that make you better in this pill? I feel like you should get a second opinion if someone prescribes Pristiq to you.
7595	9.0	I was switched about three days ago from Cymbalta to generic Prestiq. Thus far its all good. I am much more awake all day long and for the first time in years I am thinking of going out to buy some new clothes. I know its early but thus far I am so happy to not be so tired any more and I have become more productive in my work.
7596	9.0	I have not been on this too long, but so far so good. I did a DNA saliva test a few years back with a mental health nurse practitioner, and Pristiq came out as my number one choice. Since it was not in generic form at the time, I opted for choice #2, generic Paxil, for insurance/money reasons. That has worked very well for my anxiety for 3 years, but the one side-effect that has driven me nuts was always feeling sooo tired in the morning. Since the generic for Pristiq has come out, I decided to switch, and I already feel more awake and energetic in the morning. I have tried a plethora of anti-anxiety meds over the years, always with side effects or they just quit working. Knowing that everybody has a different body chemistry and reactions to medication vary greatly, I HIGHLY recommend doing the DNA test if you can. It has been a real life changer for me and the change from generic Paxil to Pristiq has been seamless.
7597	9.0	I want to encourage anything who is sitting on the fence to give this medication a try. For years I had debated about going on medication for anxiety, instead I was always trying to find natural remedies and involved in intensive psychotherapy. While the therapy was incredibly helpful in many areas of my life the anxiety persisted. I tried this medication and am so incredibly happy that I did. The first two days were unpleasant, felt like I had a cold and my sleep was not great. After the first few days my sleep returned to normal and the only major symptoms I experienced was sweating and some erectile challenges. I have been on the medication for over a month now and the sweating has reduced substantially and minimum concerns with erection
7598	1.0	I’ve been on 50 mg of Pristiq for 6 months and I find I am easily agitated and my sex life is suffering. I may as well live on an island 
7599	8.0	After trying a myriad of medications for my postpartum anxiety, all which brought on profound side effects such as depression, insomnia, rage, no feelings whatsoever, etc, I was placed on Pristine/ Desvenalfaxine. I have not had to take medication for anxiety or depression previously and was to the point where I intended to suffer through the anxiety rather than the side effects. This medication however, has been a lifesaver. I feel fantastic and very much like myself. I want to do normal things, taking care of my son doesn't make me feel like I'm going to worry myself into an early grave. I'm not having heart palpitations. I can actually work and be productive opposed to constant worry. It is working!
7600	4.0	I have been taking Pristiq for about 8 months. No problems, no side effects, my anxiety was magically gone. I have tried several medications and had side effects to all of them so I was amazed when I had 0 side effects to pristiq. This month my formulary changed and my insurance forced me to change to desvenlafaxine succinate ER instead of name brand. A week later I feel like I'm detoxing. Dizziness, light headedness, achy muscles and my anxiety keeps creeping up on me. I'm wondering if anyone else has had this problem?
7601	10.0	I was on Effexor for a year, 2 different times for anxiety. Because my husband recommended Pristiq I decided to try it the next time I had to go back on anxiety meds. It has helped me tremendously. I couldn't bring myself to fly anymore (even though I love travelling more than anything else). Since being on Pristiq I've flown (with no anxiety issues at all) across the U.S., then to Europe, then to Hawaii. It also helps me with daily issues as well. The only drawback for me really is that I'm a little too calm now. I don't get excited about things as much as I use to. No more excessive worrying but also not too much joy either. Overall though, I prefer this over what I was feeling before.
7602	10.0	The only thing that has ever worked for my anxiety. It's so expensive, even with insurance, but I'd never try anything else.
7603	9.0	On Pristiq for my Generalized anxiety disorder I felt really positive, stopped wanting to harm myself, felt confident, was able to get to sleep, wanted to have sex, be outgoing, and not have the cyclical bursts of anxiety and rage. I didn't have panic attacks for a while on this medication until I had some situational issues that brought back my depression. As for the side effects, it actually forced me to stop taking the drug. Every night I was sweating PROFUSELY to the point I was waking up shivering and soaked in sweat; you would see an outline of my body from sweat on the sheets when I woke up. I also had EXTREMELY distressing violent nightmares. This occurred in conjunction when my depression came back, so it could be a possible reason for the sweating and night terrors.
7604	1.0	I'm 51 and suffer from anxiety issues. I was prescribed Prestiq 25mg and just one pill and I had the worst effects of any medication I have ever tried! Took at bedtime within 2 hours I was hallucinating, morning I had chills in my extremities lasted 9 hours felt drugged up I couldn't even drive! can't tell you how bad this experience was......
7605	9.0	"I am only on day 2 for anxiety. I was on Effexor before for 7 years and it has helped my anxiety a lot but it recently stopped working. My doctor said it can happen when our bodies get used to the medication. I also didnt like the no libido side effect of effexor but I never bothered changing because it was working for anxiety.
Pristiq is already calming me down. I havent had heart palpitations. My thoughts alone would create the heart palpitations and the effexor wasnt doing the job anymore in avoiding the phsysical sumptoms of anxiety. Pristiq seems good so far. 
pristiq brought my libido back !:)
Also my insurance covers for the most part so I only pay $20/month. Im in Canada too ;) without insurance it would be about $90/month"
7606	9.0	I have been on Pristiq for a half a year now. I started on 50mg and quickly worked my way up to 100mg. I take it specifically for anxiety. Aside from general anxiety disorder I have bipolar and so I take other drugs such as Lamictal, Lithium, and Latuda to help with depression.  With Pristiq I don't experience much in the way of side effects. My doctor told me to watch out for fatigue, as it is a common side effect, but I was tired even before starting Pristiq so I can't comment on that. Recently I read about grinding teeth as an effect and finally I was able to explain why I have been doing that every day. But that's it for me. It has helped a lot with anxiety. Occasionally, however, I do have bouts. I don't think anything's full proof.
7607	3.0	Doctor put me on Pristiq for anxiety.Took 3 weeks to get use to it.Horrible side effects.Excessive sweating, drowsiness(so I took it right before bed), headaches,Sometimes felt like I was getting shocked in the brain, I was hungry all the time.After taking this medication for 4 months I was still experiencing drowsiness and all those other side effects listed above. But my anxiety was gone. I stopped taking pristiq due to insurance problems.I had to quit cold turkey.It was the worst 3 days ever.I felt like I drank a bottle of Tequila the night before. My withdrawal symptoms felt like a hangover. Extremely tired, headache that wouldn't go away, Severely dehydrated, stomach pains, feeling weak and like a noodle, emotional, dizzy spells.etc
7608	9.0	Mole hills no longer turn into mountains. I don't over react to silly things and don't feel anywhere near as much anxiety as I did. People have noticed my moods are a lot more stable as well.
7609	9.0	After 5 years of altering my life to avoid anxiety and panic attacks and having tried many different types of medication I finally was given pristiq.  I started 5 days ago and talk about a HUGE and almost immediate difference!   Initially there were headaches (few days off and on) but instant energy and stable mood without anxiety!  It's weird but things actually seem visually brighter and my sense of smell has increased. Appetite is down as smells are making my stomach churn so sticking with very bland foods and tons of fluids.  Wide awake at night but that's normal for me.  I am so grateful for feeling normal again!
7610	9.0	I was on lexapro for 5 years at 30 mg but was tired of always being tired all day and not caring, after the DNA test I found out lexapro wasn't for me and my dr switched me to pristiq- it's only day 6 but I notice more energy and less anxious.  Hopefully this continues to improve and work- will update later.
7611	2.0	I'd taken my first dose yesterday, within four hours I woke up to severe vomiting and diarrhoea. Both the pharmacist and my GP stated that the bad side effects should be gone within a week. I friggin hope so. About to take the second. I'll post again in a week (if I can remember)
7612	8.0	"I have been on pristiq for approx 2 weeks for anxiety and dizziness and disequilibrium. The first week was rough with sweating and a little nausea but no tiredness.

From day 9 I have noticed a good boost in energy and a change in how I have been managing my anxiety with increased confidence and reduced dizziness.

I will keep taking it but won't be looking forward to coming off it when the time comes. It has given me a new out look on life which is a big positive."
7613	10.0	"I was very sceptical when my doctor recommended Pristiq, mainly because I read many very negative reviews on a lot of sites. As a result my prescription sat in my draw for 2 months. Then one particularly bad day I decided to try it, best thing I ever did! I felt better after 3 days, after taking it now for 5 months, I feel like my old self again. No panic attacks, no molehills feeling like mountains. Just calm &amp; at long last peace. But the best thing is I lost 10 kilo's, I can only put it down to Pristiq, because I'm certainly not on a diet.
I just feel as hungry as I used to when I was depressed, then I just ate to feel better, not that it worked. But for now I am feeling very happy &amp; blessed."
7614	1.0	I took Pristiq for 3 days and stopped it myself. I was taking it for anxiety. The first day I took it, my anxiety seemed worse. I was very jittery and extremely sleepy. I could fall asleep anywhere at any time of the day. The second day, my body still felt on edge. I started having bad thoughts that I would have never had before. Then I started feeling nauseous at times. The third day of taking it, I was so unhappy. I wasn't enjoying anything. I wasn't excited about anything. I still felt extremely sleepy and had bad thoughts going through my mind. I stopped taking it a couple of days ago. I feel a lot better than I did, but I still think it's going to take a little longer for this stuff to get out of my system!
7615	10.0	I was prescribed pristiq last year for depression &amp; anxiety. At 1st I did not want to take any meds due to a bad experience with Prozac when I was 30. I am now in my 50s. After the first day I felt amazingly better. I got up early &amp; felt incredible clarity, focus &amp; worthiness. At that time I weighed 120. I gained 5lbs &amp; probably lost muscle. Prior to pristiq I was very physically active. I feel very calm now &amp; go for walks but for whatever reason I do not work out like I did before. Soon after getting on pristiq I was diagnosed with hypothyroidism even though I was quite fit &amp; thin. So I was put on levothyroxine for that condition. I would say the weight gain &amp; some sleepiness has been a side effect for me but not sure from which medicine.
7616	9.0	I take Wellburtin XL 150mg and Pristiq and have been since 2009.  Tried to go off of Pristiq twice because my sodium level is a bit low.  Within a month of being off of Pristiq I got my old anxiety attacks, panic, insomnia, etc., so the positive definitely outweighs the negative.  Hopefully, my sodium will be corrected now that I'm seeing a specialist for it, but for me Pristiq and Wellbutrin XL work wonders and I don't plan to go off either ever again.
7617	9.0	"I started taking Pristiq and noticed a huge improvement within 2 days. I had been experiencing immense anxiety which made me scattered and often manic. The mood swings and feelings of doubt, inadequacy, perfectionism and worthlessness brought on by my anxiety had become overwhelming and caused me to sink into major depression. All of these feelings lifted largely withing 4 days of Pristiq. I feel focused, more interested in my old hobbies, much less anxious in general, and no depression. I do not feel foggy or like a different person, rather I feel like my old self. 
Minor SEs including dehydration (fainted once) and aching jaw."
7618	9.0	Had been feeling depressed and anxious for years and was loathing to go on medication. Tried all sorts of herbs and supplements with very little effect. I took 50mg of Pristig and felt better that day. Anxiety is gone, depression lifted, feel so much better.
7619	10.0	I too have been on many different Meds for depression and anxiety. Nothing worked so great as Pristiq, but you did not lose any time not taking this. This is a very new med out, and that is why we are all getting it now and having good reports. When it is approved it will be covered by your medical plan. It is the best thing  that ever happened to me. I highly recommend it. Had no side effects.
7620	9.0	I have been on this medicine for about a year now and I have to say it has completely changed my life. I suffer from extreme panic disorder and generalized anxiety disorder. It was to the point that I could not be left alone without having a panic attack. I couldn't drive on my own, had trouble going to work, it was spiraling into a dark depression so I finally decided to try some different medicines to see which would work the best. I tried Zoloft and it intensified these feelings of terror, I tried to stay on it but just could not stand it any longer. Then I found Pristiq, it has been an absolute miracle to me. I can do more now than I have been able to for years! I am elated to have found this. I feel like I can face the day!
7621	7.0	I started using this medication and I immediately felt the effects. For a few hours after taking it everyday, I felt mildy nauseous, slightly confused and quite high. After it wore off, I was left with loss of appetite (which caused me to feel quite sick), insomnia and yawning often. I also experienced delayed/abnormal orgasm (I am a 20 year old woman). It did make me feel a lot happier and energetic. And the bad side effects got better and better everyday, except for the sexual side effects which remained the same. I've decided to stop taking it because of the sexual side effects. I don't want it to affect my relationship.
7622	8.0	"I feel calm- stress just rolls off me. I feel it for a moment, but the panic and anxiety do not kick in anymore, and I am able to move on through my day and focus on my normal activities. Food has lost its ""flavor"" a bit, but this is good because I used to over eat. Very very difficult to reach orgasm, and when I do, it is barely pleasurable. My doctor advised skipping my 50mg pill on days that I knew I would have intercourse. This has helped a little."
7623	4.0	"The first few weeks were not pleasant but soon after the Pristiq started to help regulate my mood, it made me less likely to be anxious angry or sad.  Basically it made me not really care...about much of anything.  It did help me leave a bad relationship which I believe was the source of much of my anxiety.  3-4 months in and I an now growing tired of feeling so ""blah"" all the time...I am planning to taper after the Thanksgiving holiday so hopefully I am back to normal around mid December.  I am not looking forward to the discontinuation symptoms - i.e. withdrawals."
7624	5.0	Hot flashes, blisters, heart palpitations, bruising.
7625	8.0	I took Pristiq for extreme generalized anxiety disorder.  I went off 5 weeks ago because I was feeling so well after taking it for several years and I just had to go back on 4 days ago.  This medicine works very quickly.  I could barely get out of bed on Friday and I was back to work Monday, functioning and feeling much better.  Pristiq does not take my anxiety away 100% all the time but it keeps me functioning.  Without this medicine I am not sure what I would do.
7626	8.0	i started taking 50mg just yesterday and immediately i noticed a huge difference. i have tried so many other antidepressants that were just awful on my system but this one so far seems to be great. i have noticed an immediate appetite decrease which is perfect since i tend to eat due to anxiety and depression. food just has lost its magic and a lot of its taste. but i still feel hunger which tells me it's time to eat, and i eat only till i am full. i have also noticed a slight tingling and twitching in my arms and hands, but only slight, and i am sweating more than usual. my jaw feels a bit tense as well, and all of these mild symptoms should go away once my body becomes accustomed to this new drug so i'm told by my doctor. happy times!
7627	10.0	I have only been on Pristiq for a week and I can already tell a difference! My only side effects are jaw clenching, thirst, waking up in the middle of the night and weight loss. The jaw clenching is tolerable and if I pay attention to it, I can control it... except when I'm sleeping. The weight loss is awesome. I have been trying for years to lose weight and in 4 days on Pristiq, I lost 6 pounds! It really does suppress the appetite. Sex is still good, no side effects there. I have been on Zoloft (terrible migraines) and Lexapro in the past. The Zoloft was bad, liked the Lexapro, LOVE the Pristiq!
7628	9.0	I've been on Pristiq for 2 weeks. I was on Effexor for 7 years after having my son. I always had anxiety and worry too much. After having my son I didn't know why I was panicking etc., all the time so they put me on 75mg on Effexor. It did good for me but I thought I'd stop. I stopped for 10 months and tried natural path which seemed to be okay but not the full strength. When my cat had to be put down almost a month ago I was a mess and still am. I begged my doctor to put me on something. I realize I need meds the most when something major has happened) so they said how about try Pristiq...LOVE IT. It makes me quite relaxed feeling for a few hours after I take it at lunch. My sex drive is SUPER HIGH.
7629	9.0	"Decided to try Pristiq after feeling like my depression and anxiety were taking complete control of my life. It was the first time I ever tried medicines of this sort and I have to say it really has turned my life around. I feel completely energized in my private and professional life and enter new tasks with a renewed sense of optimism. 
"
7630	9.0	My doctor prescribed Pristiq for anxiety.  The first 2 weeks I felt like a Zombie.  I had bouts of nausea(although I never threw up) and I really just felt strange most of the time.  I knew that this medicine had side effects so I stuck it out.  On the 14th day I awoke feeling awesome!  I am not exaggerating.  I have been taking Pristiq 50 mg for one month now and continue to feel great.  Several times a day I actually think to myself how happy and content I am.  That never happened before taking this medication.  The only side effect that I am experiencing is that it takes me longer to climax. I can live with that, considering how Pristiq has changed my life.  Give it a chance to work and you may find happiness once again.
7631	8.0	I am a 19 year old female. I have been using Pristiq for over 3 weeks now. The first couple of days were pretty intense for me, I was very jittery, had a constant feeling of a ball being in the back of my throat, and was constantly thirsty. My second week was great, I started seeing very positive results. Pristiq really suppresses my appetite, but I've only lost a couple of pounds. Constipation is also another thing to be prepared for. I take it in the morning and it boosts my mood. I am also taking clonazapem for the night time. I would recommend this medication for people with mood disorders, but You have to be patient to see results. The first couple of days might frighten you a little, but be patient and see how you feel after a couple of weeks.
7632	9.0	"I've tried a lot of medication, nutritional products, ""self medication"", etc... since I started having severe anxiety and depression around 1998.  I've been taking Pristiq for about a year, and it is the first medication to successfully treat both my anxiety and depression.  Most treatments made one better, while the other got worse.  
The only real negative with the medicine is the short half-life. You'll definitely notice if you miss a dose.  Missing two is not a pleasant experience at all.  
Since being on the medication, I've been much more productive at work, more social, more driven, more attentive to my son, and just more happy and at peace overall."
7633	7.0	I have never been on any anxiety or depression medicine ever, but I have suffered severely, emotionally and financially in the last 3 years.  Everything came to a head about 2 months ago.  I went to a psychiatrist for the 1st time yesterday and went on Pristiq this morning.  I guess it's too soon to officially review it but now I just have an overall sense of CALM.  Maybe a little bit of fogginess, but I'm sure that will subside.  I have a baby and a toddler, plus I babysit and I felt so much less irritable than I did before.  I didn't have much of an appetite, so I hope weight loss will be an added benefit. Wish me luck!
7634	10.0	Great results on this medicine. The first couple of days I was a bit tired but that went away quick. My doctor prescribed it to me for general anxiety and not depression. So no crazy thoughts or ideas. I take it in the morning and that's it. No disruption of my sleep patterns. Actually I sleep like a baby. Very positive experience.
7635	9.0	"This is my third round of starting Pristiq (02/12). First was in 2008. In 2008, I literally had NO anxiety or depression after four weeks and thought Pritiq was incredible (first and only experience with an antidepressant)! I started sleeping better immediately. Discontinued cold turkey after a few months thinking I was ""cured"" of anxiety...NEVER EVER do that!!! Round two was during summer 2010. The anxiety and depression returned with a vengeance. Started Pristiq again and began to feel the positive effects after two weeks. I gradually discontinued the medicine around January 2011 because my stress (likely diet and job) was out of control. No side effects here and no plans to discontinue. My wife takes it for panic disorder-works like a charm!"
7636	10.0	PRISTIQ HAS SAVED MY LIFE. Fourteen days ago I went to a psychiatrist because I was having suicidal thoughts and anxiety disorders that were paralyzing me with fear at 3:00 AM, I would sit up in bed and could not get to the other end of the black tunnel. I didn't enjoy anything I used to (I love fashion, I love my pets, I love New York City) and I was walking around wanting to die. Two weeks later, I am ME again.  I am laughing, I am happy. I'm enjoying people, my work and am in the process of getting sober which has been much better with the help of Pristiq.  I was feeling so uncomfortable in my skin I could barely sit still at work. Now I am meditating and can be still in my body.  I am calm and peaceful and content.
7637	10.0	I started taking Pristiq about 5 weeks ago.  I was experiencing some nausea at first, but after about two weeks it faded.  About three weeks in I forgot to take the medicine for three days and completely plummetted into a dangerous pool of emotion.  I have been on one other medication, Celexa, and what I like what Pristiq is that I am still able to experience a wide range of emotions. When I was on Celexa I was a little bit numb to things and wasn't able to cry, at all.  With Prisiq I am more focused and I am happier.
7638	8.0	I started taking Pristiq since I was having anxiety, slight depression and mild panic attacks in my job (I'm in sales). I was taking Lexapro on and off for a couple of years, but felt it wasn't working anymore, so my doctor recommended Pristiq. I am 3 days in and feel great! I've experienced slight nausea (but food helps), decreased appetite, dry mouth and slight jaw clenching. Also my first two days, a couple of hours after I took it (which has been in the morning), I would feel extremely tired. But I would snap out of it and feel great. Overall, I feel happy, calm and focused. I hope to only be on Pristiq for short term, but while I am going through this difficult time in life it will be my miracle. 
7639	2.0	I've been on Clonazepam for about 3-4 years and it worked for me but it put a severe damper on my libido. My doctor recommeded Pristiq, so I started the weaning of the Clonazepam and began Pristiq. After several weeks I can say there was no effect on my anxiety, thanks to the doctor for perscribing Ativan as a backup. One thing I can say for the Pristiq is it seemed to correct my irritable bowel syndrome. The doc said that the IBS is probably a side affect of the anxiety and the Pristiq stopped that. After reading what people posted about irregularity and the fact that my anxiety remained, I would have to attribute the results to a side effect rather than a sign of improvment. I'm now taking Cipralex for a week with better results.
7640	1.0	I was hopeful after reading all the reviews, but I was on 50mg for 2 days and could not bring myself to take it the third day. I was incapable of looking after my two young children, I was out of it and didn't even feel I could get in the car and drive, the simple task of cooking dinner seemed like a nightmare to me. Would have been interesting to see how long this lasted and see the wonderful effects I am reading about. Maybe when my husband is on holidays I might try again but being Christmas in 3 days, working and looking after kids I need to be clear headed. On the plus side I couldn't hardly eat and lost 2kgs.
7641	5.0	I started on an anxiety medication that caused me weight gain so I switched to Pristiq, which I was told was good to help control weight gain even reverse it. I have been on it for 3 months and my weight gain has exploded putting on 6 kgs, i still feel a little uneasy. Maybe I need to up my dose, but so very depressed that my weight is out of control.
7642	1.0	Made my anxiety worse. I could not have caffeine while on this medication . Weening myself off now. 
7643	9.0	I have suffered terribly from social anxiety for the past 4 years. I am 23 years old, and once it started negatively affecting my performance at my first job out of college, I felt it necessary to do something. Was on Zoloft for a few months prior, but it suddenly stopped working. I was put on 50mg of Pristiq and I felt it working IMMEDIATELY. Right after I took the first pill I went into a foggy state, but that hasn't happened since. The first week I couldn't sleep past 4am, and the first morning I woke up with extreme nausea and vomited. I have been on Pristiq for about 6 weeks and really feel amazing. Work through the side effects, they will disappear and hopefully it will work as well for you!
7644	8.0	"I've been on Pristiq about a month now. Before that I was taking Lexapro for over a year. So far I like the Pristiq much better. Both worked to keep the anxiety and panic attacks away but with Lexapro I gained 20lbs and had zero energy. All I wanted to do was eat and sleep. With Pristiq I have tons of energy! I no longer want to lay in bed all day. I don't have much of an appetite so I'm hoping I can finally lose the weight I gained from Lexapro. I'm very happy I switched to Pristiq and hope it continues to work for me.


"
7645	2.0	I've started 50 mg 50 days ago, increased to 100 mg in 25 days ago, increased to 150 mg 10 days ago. It has had no effect except for side effect (weight increase and constipation). I don't understand because with Effexor I had a response. Thinking to go to Wellbutrin because of the no weight gain.
7646	4.0	I am into my 4th week of Pristiq and it hasn't yet kicked in.  I still require a clonazepam every morning for the anxiety when I get up.  The wild dreams have finally subsided as have the sweating.  I was on Zoloft for 10 years which worked wonderfully for me until it quit working. I tried Celexa - didn't work, tried Effexor XR - didn't work and had a lot of side effects with it.  Pristiq is supposed to be from the same family as Effexor so possibly this may not work.  One can only keep hoping.
7647	10.0	I have bad anxiety, which was brought on by strokes I suffered in 2009 due to a hole in my heart. Pristiq has been wonderful. The first 2 to 3 weeks were hard but now I am reaping the benefits. No anxiety, lost weight and now finally have lots of energy. Stick with it and it will be worth it.
7648	8.0	"I have been on Pristiq for a few years now at different dosages:  
50mg - Positives: loss of appetite, weight loss and feeling great. Negatives:  your body gets used to the medicine until it seemingly no longer works.  The side effects of loss of appetite, sleep patterns etc. do stop after about 3 weeks.
100mg - Feel good, appetite normal. Negatives:  You will feel drowsy to exhausted.  Again my body seems to get immune to the dosage.
200mg - Postive:  Feel good and normal energy levels. Negative:  Major Weight gain, constipation and you feel the cold/hot flushes. These side effects don't wear of with time at this dosage."
7649	9.0	I tried a couple of other medicines (Buspar, Paxil) before this and neither of them worked for me.  After only a few weeks on this I noticed a difference.  I didn't feel so anxious anymore.  This medicine along with Xanax has made me feel back to normal again.  I also had counseling to work through my problems.  
7650	6.0	"I have been on this medicine for over a year now. It was helpful in controlling the anxiety and panic attacks so much so that with the help of other holistic therapies (chiropractic twice weekly, nettle infusions, herbs and blood type diet to cleanse colon) that I feel its time to try life without medicines once again.
Ruminating thoughts snowballing, vivid and often violent dreams are constant and have been all throughout the treatment. I plan on taking myself off over the next 6 months so I can learn to FULLY relax. Now my anxiety is under control and my lifestyle has changed to enable that to continue."
7651	10.0	I started 50mg of Pristiq only two days ago. My doctor didn't like the medicine combination that I was on before and they seemed to not be working so well anymore. I was taking Cymbalta and Celexa. I stopped taking Cymbalta and took Pristiq and the Celexa the first day. I was very afraid of a horrid drop in my mood all day being without my Cymbalta. But my mood was great. I stopped taking the Celexa and only took the Pristiq. It's crazy I feel good. Well aside from the dizzy dumb head feeling. I also get headaches here and there but nothing too terrible. In the past I have tried Effexor XR, Prozac, Lexapro and Zoloft for my depression anxiety. I am really impressed with Pristiq.
7652	5.0	I have been on Pristiq for 11 days after switching from Paxil 12.5 CR.  I feel like I've been on a roller coaster ride.  Agitation, shaky, anxiety and emotional. The nausea and headaches are gone now but I'm thinking this is not the right medicine for me.  I will give it 14 days and if there is no improvement I will get off them. Not sure what I'll try next. The doctor thinks Wellbutrin. 
7653	9.0	I have avoided taking medication for my anxiety/depression for about 8 years. I have been on Pristiq for 5 weeks now. The first 8 days were difficult. I had inner shakiness and found it hard to concentrate.  I felt like I was off with the fairies.  I wanted to stopping the medication but the doctor did warn me that I may have side effects for 7-10 days so I decided to give it 14 days and I am glad I did.  For the first time in about 8 years I am the person I know I really am.  Loving, forgiving, understanding, positive and most of all excited about life.  Before this I was a nasty, negative person and stressed about everything. I blamed everything and everyone else for my life instead of taking personal responsibility.
7654	9.0	I've been using Pristiq for 6 months now. I have never used any form of medication for anxiety before as I said to myself I never want to be on medication. So I spoke to family, friends and then finally a psychologist to help me with my constant anxiety and negative mind chatter- but nothing helped so I decided to see my doctor for a prescription for an anti-depressant/anti-anxiety type medication. He recommended Pristiq. The first few days I felt a little dizzy, some constipation but that soon passed and in about 2 weeks I was feeling a lot calmer, more level headed and a lot more positive. It has helped me get through a tough time and I would recommend it.
7655	5.0	I am on week 2 of Pristiq and so far I am very irritable, no motivation and no sex drive. I have read the reviews and I am feeling more optimistic! Thanks everyone for posting! I really want to keep pushing through this.
7656	8.0	17 months of use.  Good overall experience.  First 6 months outstanding. Lost weight, gym almost every day, active.  After about 12 months, anxiety and lethargy reappeared on occasion, then more prevalent past couple of months. Doctor said to double up for a few days, and that seems to help (2x50 mg). As in most medicines of this type, effectiveness can diminish with time.  Side effects minimal, lightheaded in the morning, need Cialis at times, sometimes not.  After 2 years of Effexor XR, this related medicine has been a welcome relief from the Effexor side effects.
7657	10.0	I was very reluctant to go on medication but my anxiety that was overwhelming increased to such an extent I was very unmotivated professionally and personally. For the first 3 days I felt very nauseous and had little appetite which was great as it stopped that overeating I had. I lost 2kgs within the first few days and then suddenly the nausea was gone, my head was very clear, I have been able to concentrate again and am genuinely surprised at its effect only a week and a half in.
7658	10.0	Pristiq really works for me. I have severe anxiety and am also bipolar. I started a higher dosage of 100 mg after 50 mg stopped working as good.  I can really tell a difference in my feelings.
7659	10.0	I started Pristiq a few months ago. It has been great. I feel like a different person. The only side effect is not being able to have a orgasm. But then my doctor told me to take one every other day. So on the days I don't take it I can achieve a orgasm. On the days I take it I can't.
7660	3.0	My doctor switched me from Paxil to Pristiq as my depression and anxiety worsened.  It has been almost two months since I started taking it, and I not only have no relief, but my symptoms have gotten worse.  
7661	8.0	Love it! The first two weeks were horrible and it felt like I had the flu without the cold symptoms. I am now into my 3rd week on this medicine and I feel great. If you can get past the first 2-3 weeks of side effects it is well worth your while. I love it. I feel so great. I'm yet to feel the full on effects of this medicine and I can't wait for it.
7662	10.0	I was experiencing major anxiety which I only have when I have major life changes.  After getting engaged, moving, planning a wedding, and changing jobs the anxiety kicked in full force.  Doctor put me on Zoloft, which make me very very nauseous. Lost 10 pounds on it, was miserable as it also caused more anxiety and moodiness. Doctor gave me trials of Pristiq...AMAZING. I had not realized how closed off I was until I tried Pristiq.  It increased my ability to have relationships with friends, my fiance, and even family.  Prior to Pristiq, I was very shy and untrusting of everyone. Tried Lexapro too due to insurance requirements. Dislike - for me it caused weight gain, clench jaw, moodiness.  Long process to find the right medicine!
7663	5.0	I started taking Pristiq about 3 1/2 weeks ago to help with stress and anxiety.  I have had mild headaches and a little bit of nausea. I immediately feel sleepy when I take it so I am taking it at night before bed. I do think that I am sleeping more through the night than before. I have tried a few other medication's such as Zoloft and Prozac.  I felt very sedated, no sex-drive, wanted to sleep all the time (before kid's) really could not even cry if I wanted to.  I also gained 40lbs which made things worse.  I am still questioning myself if I really need medication or just accept the fact that I cannot have a house with everything in place with young kid's and that not everyone is going to be as kind as I think they should.
7664	8.0	This is my 3rd day being on Pristiq and I'm not sure what to think about it yet. I've been really nervous and antsy feeling. I've also had some blurred vision. I'm hoping these side effects will pass soon so that I can get the full benefit of this medication.
7665	8.0	"I have been on Pristiq for over a year now. I started of on 
a 50mg dose for 3 months for my anxiety and panic attacks. All went well but still was only just helping my anxiety, I went back to my Doctor and he upped the dose to 100mg. I immediately had improvements. No more panic attacks and felt great."
7666	9.0	I am  on day 10 of Pristiq for severe anxiety from PTSD. I have been on Lexapro off and on for 10 years which works wonderful for anxiety but caused me to gain 30 pounds and made me feel so tired. After adding Wellbutrin to the Lexapro with no success we tried Effexor XR. It made my heart race.  After 3 days on Pristiq I felt wonderful but by day 9 was experiencing severe panic again which could be due to the switch from Lexapro to Pristiq without weaning off the Lexapro.  My doctor wants me to stick with it for a month so I'm taking 1 mg of Klonipin 2x a day to try and keep from having panic.  My appetite has decreased but I love it.  Lexapro made me want to eat everything in sight. I just hope this works.
7667	3.0	I have been on Pristiq for 4 months now due to panic attacks and anxiety and after the first 3 weeks I saw great change, but a few weeks after that it seemed like it had just stopped working so my doctor doubled my dosage. Now I'm having nightmares. If I accidentally skip a dosage my head does this really weird thing and I just can't describe it. I am extremely irritable about every little thing or I'm just really happy (up and down). I have no energy most days. I just want to stay in bed and do nothing. I'm nauseated all the time. I've actually lost about 20 pounds in 4 months bringing me down to 101 pounds. 
7668	1.0	I took this medicine two days ago. The first day I took it around 8pm and couldn't fall asleep until 3am. I also experienced clenching my teeth that night and it made me so irritable. I noticed my stomach making funny sounds and I took it with a full glass of water and with food  The next morning I woke up with a horrible headache. I had an upset stomach and my jaw was so sore. I felt very nauseated and that passed after about three hours. Around 3pm I took it again since I knew it kept me up. I hardly ate at all that day due to feeling so sick. Around 7pm I felt like I might be hungry. I went to get fries. When I ate the fries they tasted different.  Pristiq made me so sick and made stuff taste different. 
7669	8.0	I am 35 years old and I have 6 kids, my doctor prescribed Pristiq to help with anxiety of day to day life. I have been on it for about 5 days now, for the first time in years I am finally sleeping through the night. But I am having some side effects, such as tiredness and increase in appetite. Hopefully this will subside with time.
7670	5.0	I've been on Pristiq for a little of a year and a half now. It has helped with my anxiety amazingly but I have gained 20 pounds from it. I've done everything to get it off. I have always eaten healthy and I work out regularly. I cannot get off of it because then my anxiety will come back.  My doctor recommends I go to a dietitian to help me with this problem.  I was also on Lexapro for a year before this and it made me gain weight as well. All I want is for an anxiety medicine. That does not have this side effect but my doctor tells me there is none.
7671	3.0	I took Pristiq for six days due to OCD/anxiety. While I think that this drug did help with my symptoms it made by blood pressure go through the roof. My blood pressure has always been normal (no higher than 120/80). I think that this is a side effect that needs to be mentioned more frequently. The side effects are too much! (I also had sweating, and problems sleeping even when I took it at night).
7672	9.0	I am 19. I started taking it for anxiety. No joke the same day I took it I could feel a huge difference! I have been on it for a few weeks now, and I am still doing great!
7673	10.0	I have been on several different medicines from Cymbalta, Wellbutrin, Effexor to name a few. I LOVE Pristiq. I can get up in the morning and feel it's going be a good day. Before, I would avoid social places where I knew there would be a lot of people because I panic. I also raged and get irradiated very easy, it almost cost me my marriage. 
7674	7.0	I have been on Pristiq for five weeks and all I can say is - yes you need to give it TIME.  The first few days I felt worse than ever but in time it gets better.  As far as withdrawing from the medication, I think increasing the dosage is best....that's what I hear anyway.
7675	10.0	I'm a 20 yr old female with anxiety, panic disorder, and attention deficit. This was my first day of Pristiq, but I noticed a huge change today already! I took a 50mg in the morning before work and had no problem dealing with customers or talking to strangers in general. I had a few short moments where I felt nervous, but I was surprised to find I was very relaxed all day. I really had no idea I was so anxious all the time! I would definitely recommend this!
7676	7.0	I have been taking Pristiq for 2.5 weeks now.  I was having very few side effects, lots of yawning initially, but this is improving.  I have mild depression and anxiety and OCD (which only acts up when I am stressed) I have been feeling pretty good but the last few days I have had blurred vision and dizziness, lots of ringing in the ears and dry mouth.  I am hoping this passes. My mood is pretty good and I am sleeping well.
7677	9.0	I have been taking Pristiq since June 2009- almost 9 months.  I don't think I really had a clue at how depressed and anxious I was until I started on these medicines.  I remember going out on a boat and water skiing with no hesitations like the good old days! It was a beautiful thing! I was diagnosed with a rare auto immune disease and it literally consumed me from for two years. I would break down in doctors offices regularly, and started having panic attacks in the middle of the night and then finally during the day.   My side effects are on and off night sweats, and if I miss a pill I would have nausea and light-headedness, but otherwise sex is good!  It seems to work! Had weight loss = 5 lbs.
7678	9.0	Was on Lexapro, but I was always tired. Finally I asked for something else with a little extra and I got Pristiq. Love it! Don't stop immediately though...withdrawals are really bad. Tightens my jaw, but other than that! It's amazing.
7679	3.0	I took Pristiq for about 5 months, 50mg per day.  At first it was great.  All of a sudden I started getting really irritable after taking my does.  Super irritable.  I was in a foul mood and I would snap at people at work and at my girlfriend. I immediately quit cold turkey which I knew would be hard but I couldn't go another day being looped out.  Now it's been a month since I stopped taking it and I'm feeling rather depressed, so I'm thinking about trying something different.  What has helped my anxiety in the mean time is eating right and exercise.
7680	1.0	I started taking Pristiq yesterday. Immediate nausea and tired, been up since 1am. Hope this medicine works because everything and everyone has been getting on my nerves. Even my grand kids which is not normal for me because they are my life. Do not take anything else with Pristiq. Maybe I can give a higher rating in a couple of weeks.
7681	10.0	"This is the first medication I have taken in years that has actually worked in lessening my depressive episodes along with decreasing my anxiety. I have had no significant weight changes (which is important as I am also in recovery from Anorexia Nervosa). For the first time in so long I finally feel better! I am so grateful my Physician Assistant had me switch!

Previous medicine: Zoloft, Cymbalta, Lexapro, Lamictal, Seroquel, Risperdal, Vistaril, Effexor.

Current: Pristiq, Dexedrine, Klonopin when required."
7682	8.0	This medication can't be rated hastily.  It can take up to 6 weeks to level off.  My first days of Pristiq 50mg were terrible.  My first dose at night caused insomnia, jitteriness and dizziness, dilated pupils, nausea, sweaty, and a racing pulse.  The following week I felt great with NO ANXIETY!  I still felt nauseous however, ate very little(lost 7 lbs), and had a headache daily.  The following week my side effects continued (  insomnia &amp; TMJ flare up), but my benefits diminished. My Doctor then increased my dose to 100mg.  Since then most of my side effects are gone except the dilated pupils &amp; TMJ issues.  I've taken Zoloft(ok) &amp; Lexapro(zombie) in the past.  Please give this medicine time before you decide you hate it!
7683	10.0	"I was given this medication as a test of some sort. I had been in a abusive relationship and I was having issues with it. My blood pressure was sky high. My doctor gave me the blood pressure medication and she gave me the Pristiq as a means of calming me down and seeing if it would help me to lower my blood pressure.  I can say that within the first week of taking this medicine I was a new person again. It helped me a lot and people even notice a new and happier me. I call it my ""Happy Pill"" and people really see that now I am Happy. My energy level is much better than it was before. Really good product. I just ran out of samples so now I am now asking my doctor to prescribe it to me permanently."
7684	7.0	I'm a 52 yr old woman. I've been taking Pristiq for 2 months specifically for generalized anxiety disorder hoping that using it will be able to reduce my worrying and to improve my sleeping.  10 years ago I was diagnosed with mild sleep apnea and have been using a CPAP machine so I'm really hoping that reducing my anxiety might mean that I might not need the machine - my new sleep doctor thinks that I may have been misdiagnosed 10 years ago - the results could have gone either way. So far, my anxiety has reduced which is great.  However, my side effects include nighttime hot flashes (affects my sleeping) and decreased ability to have orgasms.  I meet with my doctor in a month to review so I'll see where I am with it then.
7685	7.0	At first I was on Citalpram and I kept having the dosage bumped up. Then I switched to Pristiq which came along with a few mild symptoms including nausea. Then it went away, and I noticed a change in my anxiety levels. I became confortable in my school environment for a change. After being on it almost 6 months, I am beginning to think it has quit working, and is giving me some constipation and belly pain. But who knows, that could just be something else. I recommend at least trying the drug if you need it.
7686	9.0	I've been on Pristiq for about 6 months now, taking 50mg for about 6 weeks then bumping up to 100mg after that. I have noticed a huge change in mood. I don't fixate on little things and let them bother me for the whole day like they used too. I feel much more confident now and I am actually smiling lately. Some side effects I have noticed are the occasional headache (I find if I take it the same time each morning I don't get a headache), drymouth, and if I miss a dose I get absolutely WILD dreams and my anxiety comes creeping back in. Also, I notice it makes me ramble on and on when I talk sometimes which can be a little embarrassing especially in work situations. Overall though, the benefits significantly outweigh the side effects!!
7687	9.0	I took Zoloft for a long time and it stopped working.  I am so glad it did.  Pristiq is 100 x better.  It controls my anxiety and leaves me clear headed, i.e. not numb.  I experienced some insomnia and increased sweating during the first week but it went away.  The only side effect I experience now is constipation, which I hope will go away because I don't plan on parting from this medicine for a long time.  It's been a life saver for me and I love it.
7688	8.0	I suffer from extreme anxiety and severe depression. I have been on Cymbalta for a couple years and it makes me so tired. I couldn't take it anymore. I slept all day. I started Pristiq today around noon. I have noticed a boost in energy and can't stop smiling. The only side effects so far is blurred vision, a little jittery, sweating a lot but I haven't felt happier in years from one day!
7689	2.0	Caused headache, irritability, constipation, and blurred vision.
7690	4.0	I just started today and wasn't expecting to see any difference as most antidepressant take weeks to see any difference. Today about 2 hrs after taking I felt so tired. Being at work didn't help. I have read many of the other comments and am hoping it's a miracle drug like a lot have said. I take Seroquel for sleeping that I think will help as a lot of others say Pristiq interferes with sleeping. Hopefully I will be back to write again and hopefully there will only be positive results to write about.
7691	9.0	I've been on this medication for 4 weeks now. While I'm sure the benefits are still yet to take full effect I still feel confident in saying this drug has been a major success! I've been diagnosed primarily with anxiety and major depressive disorders, and have been on Paxil, Zoloft, Remeron, and Effexor. I was told to try this for it's less likely occurrence of side effects. No sexual side effects! Finally, this kicked in by week 1 with the others. No weight gain- in fact I've lost 5 lbs with no change in diet or appetite (though I've heard it's common.) I have had a little insomnia, but for me the benefits outweigh the negatives. Hope this helps someone!
7692	7.0	"Just started Pristiq yesterday. I'm taking it to replace Cymbalta which I gained 10-15 lbs on in two months. 60 mg of Cymbalta was awesome for my anxiety but the weight gain was antagonizing my depression. I also take 200 mg of Wellbutrin SR and have taken that for a long time. 
I've been a little jittery since starting the Pristiq and spent some time in the bathroom last night. I'm coming off Cymbalta slowly over the next week so right now it's hard to judge how the Pristiq will work. I take Xanax as needed and took some today as I was feeling tense. I attribute this to the adjustments I'm making. Glad I picked Labor day weekend to make the switch. I'll keep you posted on how it goes."
7693	9.0	I have been taking Pristiq for about three weeks now and it's been fantastic! I just feel normal again. I feel like I am back to my old happy, friendly self. I no longer feel panicked when I am in a very social situation and I'm not scared to try new things anymore. Overall I just feel very balanced. I can deal with stressful situations and get over them a lot more quickly. I don't dwell on them all day. I'm also a lot less cranky.
7694	4.0	I have been on Pristiq for 2 weeks now and was prescribed this medicine for severe depression and anxiety. To be honest, I am not sure if I feel any positive benefits or not. I do know, Pristiq has done nothing for the anxiety which has pretty much ruled my life for months now. I am hoping eventually this medicine will help me deal with the anxiety. I do have a small dose of Xanax to be taken as needed but, I would really like to avoid taking it. As for side effects, I had the nausea initially, not so much now. I do notice I have to be near a bathroom at all times due to frequent urination. Weight loss has not been significant but, I lost a lot prior to taking this medicie and haven't gained so, that is a plus.
7695	10.0	I've been on Pristiq for two weeks.  I've noticed a remarkable change in my energy level, mood and am no longer isolating myself.  I am also more focused. I've lost weight on this medicine and had a dry mouth in the beginning.  It does curb my appetite and after two weeks lost 8 pounds.  I seem to be eating smaller portions.  This medicine is definitely a wonder drug for me.
7696	7.0	I have been on Pristiq 50 mg for 2 days now.  I suffer from a host of illnesses, fibromyalgia, CFS, migraines, depression, etc. I have noticed a tremendous increase in my energy in just 2 days. However, I have been having severe abdominal cramps after eating (and I am eating light), but my psychiatrist advised me that the stomach pains should subside shortly.  I finally got through a day with a much more positive attitude.
7697	8.0	I have also noticed some weight slowly coming off.
7698	9.0	Have been on it for 3 months. Immediately felt a change for the better. Have lost 10 lbs. Have stopped drinking. No longer filled with rage or overwhelming despair. No side effects that I've noticed. I'd love to hear from people who have been on it longer than a few months.
7699	9.0	I can only say good things about Pristiq. I was on Lexapro for about three years and gained about 35 pounds. My doctor switched me to Pristiq. The hardest part was weaning off the Lexapro and the couple of weeks it took for my body to adjust to a new medicine. It has been about a month now and I absolutely feel great, energized, my appetite seems more normal. I have lost three pounds in four weeks. Not bad since I wasn't really trying. The unusual changes I noticed at first on Pristiq was really weird dreams and sometimes at night I felt a little tense. But now I just feel great. Also unusual in my case, my doctor told me to take it in the morning but I was afraid of nausea so I take it at night.
7700	8.0	I've been on Pristiq for 9 months.  I feel great and found the anxiety greatly decreased, but have recently noticed my weight increasing despite eating and exercising the same amount. I attribute it to the Pristiq, even though it doesn't list weight gain as a side effect.
7701	9.0	I've been on Pristiq for 10 days now. It has really helped me -NO SIDE EFFECTS. I eat when taking it, it helps. I'm also on Suboxone for pain. I've noticed that I smoke more now, which might be from financial problems. I get constipation bit more but minimal problem. I have to take it in the morning like many people say or it keeps me up. Weird how different it affects people - some people say it helps them sleep. Goodluck folks.
7702	7.0	I'm 24 and have been taking Pristiq for about 6 weeks now. The first 3 weeks were hell. I went through horrible emotional spells. I would cry then get angry for no reason. I would just want to be left alone. My husband and my family were so worried about me. I wasn't myself at all, my mood changed so frequently. Now I am feeling balanced - I haven't had an anxiety attack for about 4 weeks now. I never thought I would get here. The only thing I am experiencing now is trouble sleeping but that's been going on a while, and a slight decrease in my sex drive. If that doesn't change in the next couple of weeks my doctor wants to put me on Wellbutrin, we'll see how that goes.
7703	9.0	I'm surprised to see so many people having sleep issues. I spent two weeks on about three hours of sleep before I started taking the drug (that's three hours total, not three hours a night).  Now I take it at bedtime and I have a hard time sleeping without it.
7704	3.0	I've been taking Pristiq 50mg daily for the past 7 months for anxiety and mild depression, and I can't say I'm much better for sticking with it.  The side effects were horrible as I started - extreme dizziness, nausea, restlessness, sweating, impotence.  Those subsided over the first week or two, but quickly returned if I miss a dose.  My energy level has not lifted and in fact may have decreased, but most importantly I've felt more disconnected, numb, and unfocused since being on the drug.  I've heard it's rough to come off and I've been tapering back slowly, but I'm looking forward to clear thoughts and true feelings again.  
7705	8.0	I have just started 50 mg of Pristiq this morning after having a mild panic attack and after about one hour I felt much better.  I have had severe panic attacks and insomnia since my tubal ligation almost a year ago.  I have been through a lot of medications that only left me to feel like a zombie and I am finding that you can compare yourself to others and put yourself in a box or you can realize that God made us all in a unique way and just because one drug works for one person does not mean it will work well for another.  I am still going to take it one day at a time and stay in prayer that the doctors I am seeing will give me medicines to get me the balance my brain needs, to have a healthy and normal life.
7706	10.0	"After trying several different medicines for anxiety, my doctor tried me on a trial run of Pristiq.  I have been on it since May, and LOVE it!  I don't have any side effects - except it may make me ""too"" calm."
7707	7.0	I'm taking Pristiq for mild anxiety. Side effects include interrupted sleeping patterns, severe constipation, and decreased sexual drive/inability to have orgasm. Anxiety has decreased tremendously and I feel great (i.e. more patience, focused, clear headed), but not sure if side effects are worth it.
7708	8.0	Taking Pristiq for severe panic attacks as prescribed by my GP. 6th day into it and already feeling much more calm and clear headed. Some nausea and a little constipation, but please - if that is the trade off to feel much better - than so be it. Not planning on a long-term relationship with Pristiq, however. Using this in conjunction with therapy so I can have some relief while I work through finding the real emotional root of my problems. Pristiq is only a band-aid while I try to heal whatever wounds. Give Pristiq a try, everyone reacts differently, but it has truly been amazing for me so far. Good luck to you, all.
7709	8.0	I've been dealing with severe panic disorder for about 9 months. I really did try many medications and I have to say that Pristiq has been the best for me. I've been taking it for about 6 weeks and feel much better. Although at times my sleeping is not so great but the other benefits do out weigh that. I am very happy with Pristiq.
7710	1.0	My doctor recommended this for my pre-menopausal symptoms as well as anxiety.  At first I was thrilled with the results but about 3 months into it I realized the insomnia was not worth it.  I have sleep apnea so this medication was not a good choice for me. My doctor increased the ambien dose and that wrecked havoc with my system.  I have stopped taking both and hope to feel better soon.
7711	10.0	"Wow is all I can say.  I did not realize how lousy I was feeling until I started this drug. I feel so much better. The first two days I was jittery and the first week slightly queasy but I noticed by day two an increase in my energy and desire to do my everyday activities and a DECREASE in my appetite.  I have no desire to binge eat like I do when my anxiety is bad. I have so much more patience with my children. I still have anxiety but it is calmed with Klonopin and I am starting Buspar this evening before bed. The only bad thing is that it has been very constipating for me. I drink prune juice and have added fiber and Metamucil but it is still a problem.
I have taken many meds over the years but I truly find this a miracle drug."
7712	8.0	I began taking Pristiq 50 mg approximately 6 months ago and as reported by the numerous previous posts, I also experienced exceptionally rapid weight loss.  The first week I suffered from nausea, to the point that I did not think I could suffer through it; but my physician said I should continue taking it.  I also experienced extreme dizziness, but only for the first few days.  I have to admit those symptoms do not outweigh the benefits.  Like many others, I am much more clear headed and focused. I have noticed those negative side effects will return almost overnight if I miss a dose, so my body helps to remind me. I do not want to forget.
7713	10.0	I have been taking Pristiq for 3 days now. I take it to help with anxiety. I have lost 7 pounds in 3 days and I feel great. I'm calmer now and I have more patience with my two year old son. I had a slight problem with nausea and I had no appetite, but apart from that I can feel a huge difference in only 3 days.
7714	10.0	I tried all sorts of SSRI's with no effect. I tried this medicine and after about a month I began to feel a lot better. I take this with 5mg of Valium whenever I have panic attacks. The only side effect I had was a slightly unpleasant taste in my mouth. It can be a bit annoying, but I suffer so much from anxiety, a little bad taste in my mouth is not too much to deal with. I would recommend this to anyone who has tried many medications with no results, and really need relief from their severe anxiety.
7715	9.0	I started this medication 3 weeks ago and like it, I am on the low dose one before bedtime!  Working so far, but may ask doctor to up the dose on my refill!  Have had no side effects that I am aware of at this time!
7716	8.0	my husband took meprobamates for about 30 years, he has been called bipolar schitzoaffective disorder ptsd manic depressive take a guess, seems every Dr has a different opinion. He did fairly well on this along with Paxil and Wellbutrin, but one Dr changed him to Klonapin (along with several other meds) and he has been on various doses of Klonapin for the last 5 or 6 years, now Dr swapped Lexapro for the Paxil and decreased the Wellbutrin and he is about jumping out of his skin. Oh how I wish we could find a Dr that would put him back on the meprobamates, he did so much better on those. I do not understand their reluctance, extremely hard to find a psychiatrist in our area especially one who will take new patients or geriatric patients.
7717	10.0	"Great medicine for my panic attacks, generalized anxiety disorder and fibromyalgia.  It is very calming for me and not too strong.  I can't tolerate many medicines, and this is the only one that does not ""back fire"" on me and give me worse problems than I started with.  It may be the oldest of it's type, but for me...it is the very best and for me, the safest with no side effects."
7718	3.0	Benzodiazepines, are way better. Valium or clonazepam have a VERY long half life.(last about 18-24hours) This medicines work great for me, for overall Anxiety. In my case Xanax is the only drug that helps with my Panic Attacks. It works the fastest. And that is very important, when you have a bad event,   like Panic Attacks. Not Anxiety attacks, there is a big difference. Panic is a Event(Can last awhile).These can give you aftershocks after the initial event and initial dose of Xanax. Anxiety attacks don't last long, and are not near as bad. Panic Attacks can be up to 10 times worse, than anxiety attacks. No triggers needed for Panic, in my case. Anxiety attacks usually center around  stress, difficult situations, etc.
7719	10.0	"I have been taking 1600 mg for 35 years. It is the only medicine that my doctor tried that really worked to relieve my panic disorder. However, it is only currently being produced by one drug company, and they are really expensive. It is considered an ""old fashioned"" medicine. Right now my insurance is covering it with a $50 copay. I don't know of any other medicine that is similar, so I guess I'm stuck for now."
7720	10.0	Helps immensly. I have taken three 400mg every day for 30 years and never increased my dose. Often, I forget to take it and never had withdrawal.
7721	8.0	"I have chronic panic disorder with agoraphobia and due to the fact I have not responded to any antidepressant and have only had a moderate response with benzodiazepines (I was taking Xanax XR) I spoke to my doctor about trying Miltown (meprobamate), the first anxiolytic in history, just to see if it can help. I take 400 mg four times a day (1,600 mg) and I have, to my surprise, actually found it to be fairly effective. I was particularly surprised due to its low potency, 0.5 mg of Xanax is considered bioequivalent to 1,400 mg of Miltown. It takes longer than Xanax, Ativan, or Valium to work and I have noticed I can ""feel"" when Miltown starts to work where as I did not with benzodiazepines (bad). Good novel treatment."
7722	10.0	Best drug ever. Trust me, I'm a doctor
7723	7.0	I have been on this medication for 18 years, and thankful that I found it.  It was the only medication I found that would reduce job related stress/anxiety enough to let me sleep decently and not affect sexual function.  The only reason I rated this a 7 instead of 10 is because I have developed some tolerance to it (I am at max dose of 600mg).  I have had to also take large doses of SAM-E as well, but it does still work.  It is still available from at least 1 pharmaceutical company.
7724	1.0	I took my first dose of Nefazodone this morning at about 10:30 for anxiety, I went about it with being hopeful because I read all the positive things about this drug on this website, And I have to say it is not worth it.  I got 60 pills yesterday and  though I would take as prescribe by my physician 100 mg. twice a day. I would NEVER take this medication again, it is probably just me but within an hour after taking it, I got weak in my legs and arms, my head started feeling weird, I felt anxious, more than I did before I took this medication.  It may just be me but I won't take another dose of this, I take Doxepin 25 mg twice a day and I thought I would get something better that wasn't a WAIT GAIN medication, but I would rather carry the we
7725	10.0	I have tried everything for my OCD. Nefazadone is the best one so far. It is an awesome medication for Intrusive thoughts.
7726	9.0	I've been taking this medicine since I stopped drinking - 12 years ago!  It was the ONLY medicine that ever worked for my panic attacks and depression.  I had no idea at the time that they were related.  I had been an alcoholic for about 15 years, and had almost given up.  A lady at work told me about it - totally by chance, and so I tried it.  It worked so well after a few weeks I was able to get outside and function again, and I was able to get off the alcohol.  I take it only in the morning and just after eating around lunchtime.  If I take it too late in the day, it keeps me awake half the night.  My speech has become a little hesitant over the last few years - a rare side effect.  But it's manageable and worth the trade-off.
7727	9.0	I have been using Serzone and the generic versions for over 15 years now.  When the brand was pulled from the market, I tried Wellbutron, Celexa and Prozac.  All three had horrible side effects and I finally found a doctor who would prescribe me the generic of Serzone again.  This medication keeps me on an even keel, keeps the anxious thoughts from overwhelming me and helps me sleep at night.  My liver panels are always perfect and my only side effect is that I have to take it right before I go to bed as it makes me sleepy.
7728	1.0	"I was on this medecine for at least 10 years- from age 21 after a psychotic type illness in mental hospital with depression and anxiety but no active symptoms of schizophrenia. the dose of around 5- 10 mgs nightly it had very adverse effects on me, such as memory loss--- of events, conversations , visual memories of places recently visited, extreme fatigue after sexual activity/erectile disfunction and great difficulty in concentration for reading, following tv programmes etc
Was switched to Modecate depot injections from 1980- 1998 with similar severe  adverse side-effects---.with atypical new medecines added on 2nd admission;namely Amisulpride--  dropped 25 mgs of Modecate injections on own volition,   totally cured now on 50 mgs amisulpride"
7729	9.0	I took this about 45 years ago in my 20's, for several years for anxiety, when it was called Stelazine. Now it is only available as the generic trifluoperazine. I've had a prostate and bladder condition for s few years now and often suffer nocturia, needing to go every 20 minutes once I go to bed at night. This often can last the entire night until 8AM-9AM. In desparation I tried this drug again and found that 1mg quiets my bladder within an hour and lets me sleep. Even if I do get up every hour or two, I can get back to sleep. Other overactive bladder meds have unacceptable side effects on me of dry mouth, and greatly lowered BP. This has no side effects, calms me down, reduces the frequency about 75% and lets me sleep.
7730	8.0	Taken alongside Lithium, Quetiapine for bipolar one. This medication is old but very effective against anxiety associated with bipolar disorder. No side effects apart from feeling a little drowsy at times.
7731	9.0	I take 1mg/daily. So far it is very effective, I tend to be able to be more relaxed and can sleep with clear and peaceful thoughts where I used to be laying in bed 20 minutes thinking too much.  But seems not to do much for my social anxiety. Overall, pretty effective.
